1 a man plants seedling in a bed which also has some very broad-leafed plants
1 Man next to tree balances with one leg on a timber slanting down to ground.
1 A man in a green shirt is planting in a large garden on a sunny day.
1 Man with white shirt works in a garden with a variety of plants outdoors.
1 Man tending to garden.
2 A man dressed in a black hat, black logo T shirt, gray shorts and red shoes performs jumping stunts on a low tight rope in a park-like area.
2 A woman bounces on an elastic rope outside.
2 A boy performs tricks on a low wire.
2 At dusk, a young man in a baseball cap jumps up and down on a rope strung in a parklike setting, sometimes sitting on the rope and sometimes landing on it with his feet.
2 A young man in a black baseball cap is jumping on a large band outside on a sunny day.
3 A young male skateboarder shows off his skill on outdoor steps.
3 A young man dressed in black with a black cap turned backwards skateboards down a concrete stair rail, lands, and flips the board as he jumps.
3 In an outside setting after sunset, a young man all in black with a black cap rides the concrete of a stairs, not on the stairs, but with only one set of wheels on the concrete wall of the stairs--and ends upright in an open plaza.
3 A male skateboarder dressed in black rides a low wall outdoors and drops onto a flat concrete surface where he flips the board around after he lands.
3 A young man rides his skateboard down a cement wall onto a flat surface outside on a sunny day.
4 Several fish swim underwater as a hand reaches out.
4 One hand reaches out to another underwater in a shallow coral reef in the sun.
4 Fish are shown swimming under water and then a man swimmer reaches out to touch hands with another swimmer.
4 The fish eating on the sea floor are shown followed by the image of a hand.
4 A person reaches out their hang to grab someone else's hand while swimming under clear water.
5 A woman in black and white pants exercises an infant laying in front of her.
5 A woman in dotted pants carries out calisthenics for a baby lying on a white towel, pushing the baby's legs one across the other and then the reverse.
5 A person exercises a baby's legs.
5 A woman holds the legs of a baby that is lying on a white cover.
5 A woman wearing black and white pants and a white shirt is sitting next to a little baby as she gently exercises the baby's legs.
6 Skate boarders perform for spectators on a deep below ground level skate surface.
6 In an indoors curved-sided area for skateboarders, two young men do tricks on their skateboards in front of a noisy crowd of spectators looking down on them.
6 Young men ride their skateboards on a skate wall in an inside skate arena.
6 Two men skateboard in a freestyle event at a skateboard park.
6 Skateboarders perform for spectators in a skate park.
7 A groom kisses his bride's hand outside on a sunny day.
7 Woman wearing wedding dress and tiara veil, rises and smiles as man in suit and tie wearing flower in lapel, kisses her hand.
7 a man in a tux with a white flower in his lapel kisses the hand of a smiling woman in a lacy white dress, veil, and tiara
7 Bearded white groom with sunglasses bends and kisses laughing white bride's hand outside by glass wall during the day.
7 Hispanic man leans over a Hispanic bride with white dress and kisses her hand in front of a ceramic wall.
8 Man in dark blue jacket demonstrates how to work a camera inside a room with a small able.
8 White man in dark blue sweatshirt showing how to set up a camera in a room in-front of a sofa.
8 a man demonstrates some kind of attachment for a camera
8 In room with couch and table in back, man stands, only his hands and black clothed torso visible, turning a piece of equipment with small blinking lights around.
8 A man holds a 35mm camera with an attachment in his hands in a room with a gold wall.
9 standing in front of an image of a natural arch in an eroded desert valley, a red-bearded man talks about some shoes he is holding
9 Bearded man stands in room in front of multi-colored fabric hanging, holding something in right hand which he subsequently lowers as he talks.
9 A man in a plaid shirt demonstrates a shoe he is holding in his hands in front of a wall with a picture of a landscape.
9 White man with red beard stands next to a wall painting and demonstrates tennis shoes inside a room.
9 Man showing shoes.
10 Older man with hand mike jive walks around studio in which others are at stations either at or holding musical instrument.
10 a man with a shaved head and wearing a dark suit walks around a stage circling a man playing an electric guitar while a third musician stands in the background
10 A man in a suit holding a microphone walks around on a band playing on a stage.
10 Bald white male singer dressed in black struts on stage and bobs his head as the band plays and the guitar player approaches the sound board with red curtains at the back of the stage.
10 A white older man moves around the stage as another white man plays an electric guitar on a lit-up stage in a dark room.
11 At night, cars are shown entering a brightly lighted tunnel.
11 A small bus followed by a car enter a tunnel from a bridge at night.
11 A bus goes into a tunnel followed by a car at night.
11 Vehicles drive into a tunnel at night.
11 A white bus followed by a black car enter a well-lit tunnel from a dark road.
12 An acrobat stands on a swinging rope.
12 Young man in jeans is swinging and balancing on ropes hung from the ceiling inside a gym lit by artificial lights.
12 In a large gymnasium with many overhead lights, a man walks a wire while holding balance wires in each hand before he dismounts onto a large padded structure.
12 a man balances on a slack rope swinging back and forth across a gym then dismounts
12 A man balances himself on a large rubber band as it swings side to side in a gymnasium.
13 A black race car is losing a tire and other parts as it drives into a wall in a race car lot on a cloudy day.
13 A black and blue with red wheels race car # 132 from the Car Center Team slides on a wet track against the safety wall and skids past it with parts falling off the car on a rainy grey day.
13 a black race car with emblems painted on its side comes around a corner on a racetrack, skids into tires lining the edge of the track, loses a rear bumper, and keeps going
13 Race car bounces into wall, losing one tire and have another shred before it continues.
13 A car going around a track loses part of his car and hits some rubber tires on the side on a cloudy day.
14 President Trump gives a speech with his supporters standing behind him.
14 President Trump stands at mike and talks and gestures with people sitting in background.
14 Donald Trump addresses an audience as he stands in front of people in bleachers
14 President trump speaks in rally.
14 President Trump speaks into a microphone while behind him a group of people of all ages stand outdoors
15 A woman dressed in black crosses a street after getting off of a crowded bus In India.
15 Asian-looking passengers ride on a bus.
15 An old woman walks across a road to a shack and then young and middle-aged people are seen riding on a bus.
15 On a road in a sandy expanse, a bus travels with a crowd of people.
15 A group of people are riding on a bus.
16 A young Asian woman wearing a black leather jacket carrying a black satchel over her shoulder Is asked a comparison question as she walks through an indoor food festival.
16 A woman in a brown leather jacket approaches a buffet table indoors.
16 A woman is showing her excitement as he walks towards a vendor's table in a market.
16 A woman is asked a question as she approaches a display of food in a covered market setting.
16 A woman in a black jacket is walking and talking to someone behind her videotaping her outside on a sunny day.
17 Several boys stand at side of city street, one dismounting from his bike, one standing with bike, as cars with headlights on travel by.
17 in the early evening, a group of young men with bicycles stand next to a busy street
17 A group of boys on bicycles gather on the side of a street with cars passing at dusk.
17 Two young men dressed in black with their bicycles meet two young men with white tee shirts on a street at dusk.
17 Group of young people, some smoking standing around near a busy road in late afternoon.
18 a man in a black hoodie walks up to a man in a white hoodie and is given a package as a nearby man talks into a mike
18 Man wearing black hooded jacket walks quickly up to man wearing white hooded jacket, accepts large black wrapped package from that man as another man talks into a mike.
18 A man in a black hoodie walks over and shakes hands with two other guys in a large open building.
18 In a very large room a young man approaches two men, both shake his hand, one hands him a package and the other man gives him a thumbs up.
18 Men shaking hands exchanging black package
19 A person climbing on a rock surface puts a hand on a piece of rock which splits and falls down the hill to the scrub below.
19 A rock climber is going up a rock and right after lifting their foot a chunk of rock breaks off and tumbles downward.
19 A woman attempting to climb up a mountain when her foot hits a loose rock causing it to fall down to the ground.
19 A person wearing pink and black pants kicks loose a rock which rolls down the rock face of a mountain.
19 A man's foot is seen stepping on rock that breaks away as his hand is seen clinging to the rocky mountain top above a deep valley.
20 Young white woman with green top holding a hair clip and tending to another woman's camera in a crowd.
20 White young woman throws back her hair, touches her nose and helps another person with her camera outdoors, surrounded by other young people.
20 Woman wearing pea green jacket sits in a stadium among others and rises to adjust a camera held by another woman.
20 a young woman in a light green jacket helps another woman with her camera
20 A woman in a yellow jacket in a crowd assists someone with their camera on a sunny day.
21 Cars ride along a palm tree lined street in a city.
21 Driving down a city in a tropical climate a photographer films the car driving ahead.
21 A car is riding down a street with palm trees on a cloudy day.
21 From the passenger's perspective, a red vehicle is following a white truck on a boulevard lined with palm trees
21 Cars drive down a wide city street in the daylight.
22 Young boy at a sandy beach unzips his black bag as he kneels on the sand, and zips it back on a sunny day.
22 Young man on a beach opening a backpack during the day.
22 a kneeling boy in white t-shirt and blue and white shorts unzips a black bag that has something yellow in it and, after a time gap, wraps a yellow band around the bag.
22 On sandy beach in daylight, man wearing long shorts and T-shirt kneels on sand unzipping sides of black pack.
22 A young boy kneeling in the sand removes something from his backpack on a beach on a sunny day.
23 A woman with a backpack and wearing a white jacket outdoors picks up a knit cap that must have been dropped.
23 A young woman in a white jacket and black backpack on a very windy day runs and picks up a red and white striped hat
23 A woman in a white parka and a backpack retrieves her knitted cap from the windswept plain and then rejoins her hiking companion on the trail.
23 A female hiker runs to retrieve her hat which the wind blew off while another hiker is seen in the frame at the end.
23 A women runs back to pick up her hat that was blown off outside on a windy day.
24 Two Indian women are putting red dots on a couple at a wedding celebration.
24 In an indoor gala party among Indian Asians a woman reaches forward to put a red dot on the woman's forehead and then reaches for the same spot on the man with her wearing a yellow turban.
24 a festively dressed group stands in front of curtains indoors and 2 older women touch the foreheads of a younger man and woman with their thumbs.
24 Two women wearing traditional Indian dress participate in an Indian wedding ceremony by touching the foreheads of the similarly dressed couple getting married.
24 The foreheads of the bride and groom are marked at a colorful Indian wedding ceremony.
25 A man in a green shirt is talking to someone sitting beside him while riding in a car.
25 On a bus, a man in a green shirt, talks to the person next to him as the window shows the neighborhood they are passing.
25 A man in a mint green shirt rides in a car and talks to his seat mate as a dark-haired young man wearing sunglasses sits behind him.
25 A man in a green shirt and a man wearing sunglasses are riding in a vehicle on the street.
25 A young red headed man in a mint green shirt is driving a car while a young man with black hair wearing black and green sunglasses sits silently in the back.
26 a white VW bug with a yellow license plate pulls away from the curb revealing a white van in front of it on a tree-lined street
26 On a sunlit day in summer, a vintage black VW bug starts up and drives from curbside onto street.
26 An black antique car with a yellow tag takes off and rides down a street on a sunny day.
26 Black sedan with visible license plate pulls out from curb proceeds on a residential street with trees and shrubs, passing a white van that was parked ahead of him during daylight.
26 Black VW Beetle with yellow plates passes a parked white van on a tree lined street in the daytime.
27 An Asian man sitting in a restaurant with two Asian women serves up a bowl of soup from a steaming hot pot.
27 An Asian man who is seated at a table is dishing out soup for two Asian women wearing white blouses, who are seated next to him'
27 A man and 2 women stand around a table where food is being prepared and the man ladles a bowl of the soup.
27 An Asian man cooks for two on-looking women in a restaurant and prepares food in an electric wok.
27 A group of Asian people are sitting around and serving soup in a room with writing on the wall.
28 A close-up of a pale young man's face shows a piece of white fabric and a black clip near his ear.
28 A man wears a possible Bluetooth device on his head.
28 A face of a young person young person with a clip in their hair is shown as they look down at something.
28 A woman talks as the photographer closes in to a person with a hairclip near their ear attached to a white bandage.
28 A person is holding their head down.
29 Two young girls sit at table eating from bowls while between them sits large turquoise blue animal shaking head then putting it down on table.
29 two little girls eat breakfast and pay no attention when a fluffy light blue 'monster' comes and sticks its face into the bowl between them
29 Two girls are sitting at a table with a green puppet in between them having a bowl of cereal.
29 Puppet moves head between two young girls eating from bowls.
29 A green puppet sits between 2 little white girls who are eating out of a bowl at a table indoors in a room next to a window during daytime.
30 A man lightly smacks his friend in front of a door that says 'super deluxe.'
30 Two men in black jackets stand inside a door marked 'Super Deluxe' and the young bearded man slaps his clean-shaven friend and predicts a good time to his unconvinced friend.
30 A man in a jacket makes a hitting motion at another man and then they walk away.
30 In front of a glass door marked 'Super Deluxe' one man slaps another and jokes about an upcoming prank.
30 A man wearing glasses slaps a man wearing a black jacket in an indoor room.
31 Bride and groom run across snow into a black van.
31 Woman in a wedding dress and a man in a black suit are running toward an open door of a black van and get inside on a cloudy day outside on snow covered grounds.
31 Man in suit and woman wearing bridal dress and veil hold hands and dash over snow covered ground and leap through open side door of large black vehicle.
31 on a windy day, a bridal couple run through the snow and get into a waiting black van
31 A bride and groom run in the snow towards their car.
32 On the night of September 2nd, a spotlight shows two wild boars running across a road into the grass and then back out and continuing down the road
32 Two wild pigs cross a road at night, then return and run down the road.
32 2 animals chase each other in and out of grass along a road at night.
32 At night, short wild animals, perhaps wild pigs, run across an unpaved road in the lights, perhaps of a car.
32 Two animals are chasing each other into the woods and back out at night time.
33 Children attempt to stack round red and blue pieces on top of each other and the whole stack falls to the ground inside of a children's play gymnasium.
33 Children, one held up by woman, add colorful objects atop tall tower of such objects and laugh as it tumbles down.
33 children and their moms struggle to build a tower of large plastic bowls and laugh together when it falls
33 Kids and adults are playing with containers and building towers
33 White children and adults are playing together in an outdoor playground with many different play equipment during daytime
34 A man in a blue shirt ties his shiny black shoes
34 Indoors, sitting male wearing white shirt with cuff up on one sleeve ties laces on a black shoe he is wearing.
34 A man is tying the shoestrings on his black shoes.
34 Hands of a white person in a long-sleeved shirt sitting indoors, and tying his black shoelaces.
34 man with white shirt tying his black shoe laces.
35 A man and a young boy look at a metal statue as the walk past it.
35 A boy in a blue jacket with a slash of red walks along a street art show after pausing at a sculpture of scrap steel.
35 A boy looks toward the door of a building outdoors as a man holding a take out coffee appears in the left side of the shot and a woman in a mauve vest and hat is seen in the right side of the shot.
35 A young man wearing a blue jacket looks at a sculpture piece on display in a city street.
35 A dark haired man with a beard and a young dark haired boy, both in jackets, pause to view a metal sculpture in a city street festival.
36 Daytime city street scene with overhead cars moving, and cross traffic, including school bus, crossing as other traffic is stopped.
36 a suspended gondola come up a steep hill in an urban area and approaches the docking platform
36 A monorail car full of people comes to the ending of rail where people get off on a sunny day.
36 A cable car is coming to a station in between buildings.
36 An aerial vehicle with a group of people inside is sliding over traffic and between houses on a busy city street ion a cloudy day.
37 A woman in a red dress gown is assisting a bride sitting down.
37 A woman elegantly made-up with a red dress puts a white garter on the leg of a bride indoors.
37 A dressed up woman in red places q decorative garter on the leg of a dressed up woman in white.
37 A woman with a gold bracelet puts a garter on the leg of a woman in a bridal gown.
37 A woman with brown hair in a red dress and gold cuff bracelet places a garter on a bride's leg.
38 Football players, one team in white the other in grey are lining up facing one another followed by running into each other on a football field during the day.
38 Football players execute a play.
38 in a black and white image, white and dark football teams go through a complete play from hike to tackle
38 Two football teams, one wearing white uniforms, one wear brownish, crouch in opposing lines, move then stop as ball is carried by a tackled player.
38 Two teams are playing a game of football on a field outside.
39 A woman in red shoes and a short skirt seats herself at a table with a white tablecloth.
39 A woman with a black and white short dress and red high heels sits down at a table In front of a fireplace in a restaurant.
39 A woman in a short dark dress and with red high heels sits in a chair at a tablecloth-draped table inside.
39 A woman in black dress and red shoes walks across the tile floor of restaurant and seats herself at a table with a white tablecloth.
39 A woman in red high heel shoes approaches a table and chair and sits down inside a restaurant.
40 Asian men driving on motorcycles among cars and trucks on a busy street in daylight.
40 A busy street full of cars and mopeds.
40 traffic, mostly motorcycles and small trucks, go down a street through an Asian street market
40 A street us busy with bikes and motorbikes with a couple of trucks and a car all moving in one direction.
40 A group of people are riding motorcycles down a busy street on a sunny day.
41 View of the sun set over the distant hills from behind an iron fence with decorated bars.
41 Looking through a fence we see a sunrise over a meadow and hills.
41 Sun low on horizon viewed through iron fence slats.
41 the camera looks through a wrought iron fence across some low hills to a low sun
41 A small green ball appears and goes upward near a wrought iron fence then disappears outside in the daytime.
42 A dark skinned man harvests grass with a sickle in one hand and holds the bunch of grass in the other.
42 A person with a knife cuts probably bamboo.
42 A tall plant is cut with a sickle and gathered.
42 The right-hand of a reaper with a sickle cuts stalks as the left hand holds what has been cut in a dimly lighted area of stalks.
42 A man is picking wheat in a field outside.
43 A man ties a white head wrap on a young boy outside on a sunny day.
43 Outside on a sunny day in a dirt courtyard, man wearing hat ties material in turban fashion around head of shorter woman.
43 a man with a head scarf ties a white head scarf over the head of a girl
43 Man fixes white headdress for girl standing next to camel with a young male in the background.
43 Brown skinned young man wrapping a white scarf around another boy's head outdoors near green bushes at daytime.
44 Along a city street during the day in front of a store with a deep overhang, a bicycle rider weaves through pedestrians on the sidewalk.
44 A cyclist and shoppers walk along an urban shopping strip located beneath an overhead structure.
44 A person on a yellow bike and others go through a tunnel with retail stores in it.
44 A bicyclist rides down a platform next to railroad tracks.
44 A man with a plaid flannel shirt on a yellow bicycle and others are seen near the exit of a train station passing by some businesses including a McDonald's.
45 5 kids dressed in red look into the camera standing in front of a flowering bush.
45 Five small Asian children all with black hair, are smiling and standing outdoors in front of a tree with red flowers.
45 Five dark haired brown skin children all wearing pink shirts, stand in front of greenery outdoors, with two children smiling and one boy with arm across back of child who has front teeth missing.
45 four smiling boys and one girl in orange and white checked shirts jostle each other to be in front of the camera
45 Five little children all dressed alike are smiling into the camera outside on a sunny day.
46 A group of people are riding in an open bus on a sunny day.
46 Number of people, all wearing sunglasses, sit in roofed but open air transport as it moves past green hedges.
46 a group of people are seated in a bus while the two in front take pictures with their cell phones
46 Group of Asian people riding shuttle in a park.
46 Group of Asian young people are traveling on a bus passing green trees in sunshine
47 Girl looks up and speaks as a young man watches and another takes notes.
47 Asian young man stands next to a young white woman who speaks and another person writes something on a clipboard indoors in a room.
47 Woman sits as Asian man stands next to her while a man's hands write on paper in a clipboard .
47 a seated black-haired girl in a white shirt and grey vest talks while a man in a blue suit stands next to her and another man writes on a clipboard
47 A man woman talks to someone next to her as a man stands and watches her.
48 Kids are about to ride a mechanized carnival slalom game on a track and one kid gently bumps the rider in front of him as he lines up his slalom.
48 On a track, a boy sits on a kind of open sleigh riding on the track and with a steering stick with a girl on another vehicle behind him when a boy in a red top drives up in a third vehicle, waiting for a ride to begin.
48 Three kids are lined up on a riding waiting to take off outside on a sunny day.
48 Four luge-type bumper mats, each with a single rider, are stacked up on an outdoor track waiting to take off.
48 Kids are seated on individual go-carts on an outdoor probable carnival ride.
49 Large shaggy blue creature peers over side of open air wooden slat playhouse as two girls sit inside with two buckets in front of them.
49 a fluffy blue 'monster' talks over the railing to two little girls playing on a porch
49 A green puppet is talking to two little girls in a tree house on a sunny day.
49 Muppet talking to two girls playing in tree house.
49 Green puppet talks to 2 small white girls, sitting and playing in a tree house on a sunny day.
50 A group of people chant together outside of a home or office.
50 Protesters chant slogans in response to an amplified leader outside in front of a brick building.
50 A group of people are standing together outside on a sunny day.
50 A group of protesters dressed in black are chanting outside a brick house.
50 A group of people outside in front of a brick building is chanting in unison.
51 A woman with black hair sits on the floor of a playroom with six preteens of different races.
51 Children sit on the floor in an interior room.
51 Students in a classroom play games in small groups on the floor and the teacher sits with one of the small groups.
51 Young boys and girls sit on the floor in a brightly lighted room and play in different groups.
51 A group of kids sit on the floor playing board games inside a room.
52 A woman shakes her head and her clawed hand covers one eye as screeching music plays and she leans against a white patterned wall.
52 A woman lies on a mattress with her hand up to her face grimacing and shaking her head.
52 A woman with her hair up holds her hand to her face shaking her head with a quilted pad behind her.
52 A woman touches her forehead and shakes her head.
52 A woman in a black hair updo wearing a black evening gown rests against a white quilt well shaking her head and holding her forehead.
53 A man in black catches a toy airplane glider as it comes towards him outside in the snow on a sunny day.
53 Model plane with red and black stripes on wings soars on downward path from left to right, caught by male wearing dark jacket and yellow and blue snug hat in daytime outdoors winter time with evergreens on snow-covered slope in background.
53 Before a hilly, snowy landscape a glider flies to and is caught by a young man in dark clothes with a black and orange stocking hat
53 man catching a glider as it lands on a snow covered field in the daytime
53 Young adult with colorful hat and sunglasses catches a glider outdoors in the snow on a bright sunny day.
54 A group of young adults in costumes and bright wigs are clustered outside what appears to be a bathroom in a public building .
54 A group of crossdressers stands around in an interior room.
54 People are at a party and some dressed in costumes.
54 Young men and women, many wearing fright wigs, stand around as party music plays.
54 A group of people dressed in crazy clothes are standing around at a party inside a room.
55 Man running with dog on leash in the woods.
55 Young white man with a bruise on his face wearing a cap, walks with a dog in a deep dark forest.
55 At night, man with dog runs through trees.
55 the camera follows a man in a blue jacket and his dog jogging through a forest with a light coating of slow in the ground
55 A man in a blue shirt is running through the woods with a dog in the evening.
56 A man in black and white striped pants walks funny down the street pass cars.
56 Man wearing long patched coat and stripped pants and hat walks in shuffling bow-legged manner down sidewalk past parked cars.
56 a man in a patched tuxedo coat with tails does a Charlie Chaplin walk past a row of parked cars
56 Charley Chaplin in striped white and black pants and black patched coat and a hat walks funny near parked cars on the sidewalk during the day.
56 Man in a clown outfit walks away with small steps outside on a sidewalk passing parked cars on a cloudy say.
57 Many people standing and holding lights in their hands are outside at nighttime near a screen.
57 A Christmas in a church with big screens showing a cross and camels , a coir and church goers holding colorful lights.
57 people stand in front of a brightly lit screen that shows three men on camels under a very bright star when the scene is lit showing that the people in front of the screen are children
57 In darkened room with large picture of three wise men and the star, standing people hold purple, red, yellow and green lights in their hands.
57 While the lights are out children on stage hold candles following a Christmas play.
58 A bride and groom and two other men show excitement sitting on a sofa in a room surrounded by flowers.
58 A bride and groom in white, holding a huge bouquet of flowers, sits between well wishing men with black caps, one in pink jacket, the other in green.
58 3 men and a woman sit in a pink and white room and smile and make gestures as the woman shakes a floral bouquet.
58 An Asian couple dressed as bride and groom sit on a couch holding a bouquet of flowers and are flanked by two brightly dressed men wearing black caps.
58 A joyful Muslim bride and groom dressed in white, flanked by two male attendants, one in pink and one in green, celebrate, surrounded by multiple pink, white and green floral arrangements.
59 Three men stand on curved white platform, sawing at tall tube instruments, bouncing to rhythm.
59 three men play unusual instruments on a white stage
59 Three band members play on a stage in a dark room with lights.
59 3 men on stage with their large shadows showing behind them play traditional instruments on a stage ,
59 Three men are standing on a stage performing on unusual instruments at night time.
60 Two men, one of whom is black and is wearing a hat, paddle blue canoe-like boats down a river on a clear day.
60 Two turquoise solid wood boats, each driven by a dark skinned paddler, and each carrying supplies and a passenger travel along a muddy river.
60 A man in a heavily-laden turquoise boat paddles alongside another boat being paddle in a wide stream along a green planted coast in daytime.
60 2 people paddle their barges through murky water on a sunny day.
60 Two men are sitting on the edge of a wall and are paddling the water with an ore.
61 A woman seated at a grand piano plays for a male singer on stage.
61 A man in a black suit sings opera in front of a woman in a black dress playing a grand piano In an ornate gold and marble setting.
61 A man in a formal suit and tie sings to the accompaniment of a woman playing a grand piano with another woman as page-turner in an ornate setting.
61 A dressed up man and 2 dressed up women are at the front of an ornate church where 1 woman plays the piano, 1 is available to turn the pages of sheet music for her, and the man sings.
61 A man is singing opera while a woman plays a piano next to him.
62 teams in white and dark blue uniforms play football in an empty stadium
62 No spectators in the stands overlooking football field where a game is in play as player 30 makes an end run as his teammates protect him.
62 Two teams are playing a football game outside in a stadium on a sunny day.
62 Football players are running around at a football field during daytime.
62 Running back runs with ball past defenders.
63 A scuba diver jumps off a yellow boat into the water to join another scuba diver as another man In the water films.
63 Scuba diver jumps from a boat into the sea.
63 A diver jumps into water off of a boat to join 2 other divers already in the water.
63 A scuba diver suited up steps off the side of a boat into water with another scuba diver already in the water.
63 Two scuba divers are in the ocean and a third man jumps into the ocean and joins them.
64 A man cuts a piece of raw salmon on a board in half.
64 Inside, a man's hands use knife to cut fillet of salmon lying on marble slab.
64 a hand holds a salmon fillet as another hand slices across the fillet
64 Dark hands with a large knife slice a piece of pink Salmon on a white cutting board.
64 Brown skinned person's hand is cutting a salmon fillet in two on a white board with a knife inside a kitchen.
65 Ice floes float on blue water with snowcapped mountains across the way on a clear, sunny day.
65 Snow capped mountains fronted by a glacier edge up to the ocean with several large ice islands floating in the water in front.
65 A video of an area of water with snow outside on a sunny day.
65 Icebergs float in a body of water bordered by snow covered mountains in the sun.
65 Ice floats on water next to snow-covered mountains in bright daylight.
66 A bearded young man in a blue tee shirt is in the luggage area of probably an airport.
66 In a video labeled Eduardo 'Toto' Herman, a man with dark hair and a beard wearing a blue T shirt is seen walking through the baggage area of an airport.
66 A man with a beard and mustache wearing a blue t-shirt waits for his luggage at a carousal in an airport.
66 A bearded man in a turquoise shirt talks to the camera in an airport with the baggage belt going around in the distance.
66 A man in a blue shirt is talking into the camera while walking through an airport.
67 Group of people in a long canoe are rowing on a river passing a shore with green trees during a sunny day.
67 A young blond man wearing a white jersey number 49 is rowing with his team on a canoe on still waters on a blue river with green banks during the day.
67 four men scull along a birch lined river with a motorboat following them
67 Low boat is being rowed by three men in lake with trees on shore.
67 A man in a white shirt rows a boat with another person on a river in the daytime.
68 A man jet skis on a platform and into the water on a sunny day.
68 Man wearing helmet and shorts and riding water board laps up to long flat white surface floating in the lake, and goes off end with a splash while remaining upright.
68 a man on a water ski skims along a rail then continues skiing
68 Water board goes over a ramp in lake.
68 Young woman with skateboard tied to a string pulled by a boat, jumps over an obstacle in the water during a cloudy day.
69 A woman walks away from the water as a man lobs a ball and tries kicking the ball in the water on the beach.
69 Children are playing in the water on the beach, one throws up a ball during daytime.
69 Four people stand in low tide waves as one man tosses ball up then falls into water when he misses kicking the ball.
69 a woman walks up onto the beach going away from a group playing ball in the ocean
69 A man in a ocean without waves kicks a ball and falls down on a sunny day.
70 A group of bikes lined up in a row near a tree and building on a sunny day.
70 Multiple bikes are parked leaning against a brick building near a tree with autumn foliage in the daylight.
70 a bunch of bicycles, one of which has a green tire, are parked along the side of a brick building under a yellow leaved maple tree
70 Bicycles parked under window of brick building with ivy on wall.
70 Outside of a brick house with a window and bicycles parked between a tree and bushes in daylight, a man is passing by.
71 A large crowd of people of various ages walk in casual clothing across a beach in the water.
71 A large group of middle aged people, some with dogs, wade along a shoreline through very shallow fresh water with mountains in the background.
71 A group of people are walking across a large body of shallow water outside on a sunny day.
71 A crowd of men and women walks through shallow water near a beach.
71 Thousands of people In light jackets walk across a very wide and shallow body of water with green rolling hills in the background.
72 an elderly woman in a blue sweater with an oxygen tube to her nose talks to someone off camera
72 Elderly person with oxygen tubes going into nose sits against pillows and talks and gestures.
72 An old woman on oxygen is talking to someone.
72 Old woman with grey hair with oxygen in her nose is speaking seated next to pillows during daylight.
72 old woman with oxygen speaks to camera.
73 A shirtless man in yellow pants performs triceps curls on hanging gym equipment
73 A man in yellow pants does tricep curls with his legs unmoving on the ground and his arms leaning into two flexible triangular hand-holds and going up and down.
73 A man in yellow pants uses ropes to exercise.
73 A man with black hair wearing yellow pants and no shirt is doing triceps curls using special bands.
73 A shirtless Asian man exercises in a gym.
74 A dark skinned man wearing a white toque faces away from observer as he talks and gestures to another dark skinned man, holding a paper cup, who listens closely.
74 Two Asian men, one of whom wears a white cap, sit on the edge of a lake as one talks to the other
74 A man in a white hat is talking to another man outside on a sunny day.
74 Man with white hat talks to a man a bearded man by the river with trees on the other bank during the day.
74 A black man with a white hat talks to a black man with beard and mustache next to a body of water and trees outside in daylight.
75 Someone is videotaping while flying in on something fast outside on a sunny day.
75 A flying vehicle travels down over a grass strip with people and cars in a setting of a river and road along snow-capped mountains
75 A small plane flies over people and a few vehicles as it comes in for a landing by a lake in an area with snow capped mountains.
75 Some sort of aerial vehicle passes over cars parked next to a narrow road in a mountain valley.
75 A model plane flies above cars and people parked along a rocky stream at the foot of snowcapped mountains.
76 A number of men and women do group dance on the floor in possibly a club
76 A group of elderly people are dancing in a ballroom to a live band seen on a stage in the background.
76 Men and women dance to rock-and-roll, that is, not facing or touching each other.
76 Older men and women dance in lines indoors with a TV on in the background.
76 A group of seniors are line dancing in a large room.
77 A man sits on a couch before a wall of framed pictures and talks.
77 A dark-haired man sits on a sofa in front of a wall covered with framed materials and tells a story next to a leather-covered dentist chair.
77 A man sits and talks on a yellow and black sofa in a room with a barber shop chair.
77 A man sitting on a yellow and black 50s style leather sofa next to a barber's chair describes the technique of an artist.
77 A man sitting on a couch in probably a barber shop gestures as he talks.
78 a very long fake alligator lies on a broad ocean beach and is ignored by the sunbathers around it
78 Model of an alligator lies on beach outside near ocean on sunny day.
78 A beach scene with a very long fake crocodile with big eyes outside on a sunny day.
78 Huge fake crocodile on the sand of a beach while people are at the beach tanning and walking back and forth on a sunny day.
78 A very large Crocodile on the white sand on the beach during the day with its mouth open as people look on .
79 On March 26, 2011, a street in London is filled with demonstrators carrying placards and flags as they march behind a red banner.
79 Large crowd of demonstrators carrying banners and placards moves down a city street
79 A large group of people carrying various banners, many red banners, march through a city street.
79 Demonstrators in the United Kingdom are massed and push forward in a protest march.
79 A large group of people are together with signs protesting outside on a sunny day.
80 teams in black and white uniforms play ice hockey and a man in white shoots a goal
80 Ice hockey game in which one player raises both arms signing a goal.
80 Two teams are playing a game of ice hockey inside an ice rink with people watching.
80 Hockey game, with hockey players skating around in a hockey arena indoors.
80 Hockey players score a goal in the arena.
81 Four adults and a child sitting around a table filled with platters of food, inside a dining room in daylight. as one of the adults walks away.
81 Family is sitting for a meal as one of them gets up and walks away.
81 a family sits at a table with a table cloth, wine glasses and plates of small bites when one gets up and goes to get something
81 A man, three women and a child sit at an indoor dining table on which are platters of food and wine glasses when one woman gets up and walks away as the rest look after her.
81 Five people are sitting at a dining room table filled with food and wine glasses and one of the women gets up.
82 A kayaker in the sea paddles toward a beach.
82 A person aggressively paddles a yellow and black kayak through the water along a beach on a clear sunny day.
82 A person in a yellow-green kayak photographs him or herself paddling toward a distant shore with droplets of water patterning the lens of the camera.
82 A kayaker's view of the water, sky, and shore is visible as they travel through the water.
82 A person in a canoe glides through rough water outside on a sunny day.
83 Group of young Asian women standing outside bending their heads and praying outdoors in daylight
83 women with head coverings pray.
83 a group of young women in white head coverings and black backpack fold their hands in prayer and rock back and forth
83 Group of Asian women with heads covered in white material, hand with hands clasped in front of their faces.
83 Women dressed in white burkas are praying outside on a sunny day.
84 A deer is walking around grazing outside on a sunny day.
84 A stag in a winter wood bends down to eat something on the ground, in front of a doe standing next to a wooden crib of hay.
84 A male reindeer sniffs the snow dusted ground as a female reindeer looks on.
84 An elk is grazing among trees in an area with partial snow cover while a second elk watches.
84 A Caribou with very large horns is seen bending down to the ground in an area lightly dusted with snow as another animal looks on in the background.
85 A bride and groom lean against marble pillars with white globes on top along a dirt road on a sunny day.
85 A dressed up man and woman stand close together on a dusty path near a stone wall.
85 A bride and woman stand on the side of a road in a photograph.
85 A man in a black suit has his arm around a woman wearing a wedding gown against a stone wall outside.
85 A bride with black hair in a strapless wedding dress poses with her groom in front of a stone gate on a dirt driveway.
86 A man in a fluorescent yellow jacket and white helmet walks along the deck of a large metal ship.
86 A man in a white hard hat and a yellow jacket walks along the railing of a ship at sea.
86 A person in protective gear walks around on a large ship.
86 A person in a rain slicker walks between the ship railing and the wall containing cargo, and the voiceover says no one on board knows the containers' contents.
86 A man in a construction hat walks alongside a large vessel in the ocean on a cloudy day.
87 Three people are surfing in the ocean on a sunny day.
87 In broad daylight, approaching a surfing beach, one man rides in front of the wave to shore.
87 Three men wearing black surf on a wave in the water.
87 A male surfer in a black wetsuit rides s white board toward the shore.
87 Three men in black are enjoying themselves in deep blue waters by a rocky cliff, one on a paddle board, one riding a wave , and one on a boogie board.
88 White dog follows as man hunched and holding on stands on a white trellis which is being pulled through the rough field which has been slightly plowed.
88 a man crouches on top of a device that is pulled by something as it is plowing a field as a whit dogs tags along
88 A man in a gray suit holds on and rides on a white trailer with a dog walking next to him on a sunny day.
88 An older man rides a till in a fields as his white poodle like dog follows him with green spruce trees in the background.
88 White man is riding on a small wooden cart is followed by a small dog outdoors on a dirt field during day light.
89 A man in a white tee shirt washes his hands in front of a mirror in a rest room.
89 A man with dark hair and beard washes his hands and face at a sink in a bathroom with white tile in green trim.
89 A dark-haired, bearded man washes his hands in front of a mirror and shakes off the water.
89 A man is washing up in front of a mirror and his tshirt, which says, 'I am washing' is reflected in the mirror.
89 A man in a white tee shirt stands in front of a mirror in a bathroom.
90 A public outdoor space under construction is shown during the day.
90 An exhibition flag waves in the breeze next to an empty sports arena which looks like it is in disarray in the overcast sky.
90 A video of an area that has been demolished outside.
90 A flag flies over the rubble of what was once a stadium.
90 A banner waves in the breeze in an abandoned-looking grandstand.
91 A boy in red swim trunks jumps off a bank into a body of fresh water and swims.
91 A boy in red swim trunks jumps from the shore into a pond and switches to swimming on his back
91 A young boy jumps into water from a wooded area on a sunny day
91 From a river bank aside a large downed tree, a white teenage boy with maroon swim trunks jumps into the river and swims.
91 In a daytime outdoor setting a young man wearing a red bathing suit jumps from the bank into moving water and starts to swim.
92 Inside a room, two young men hold a blue picture frame in front of them as the curly-headed and the short-haired men turn to the left wall and two slits in the back wall are revealed.
92 2 young men, one shirtless, hold a blue frame before them while riding up in an elevator and the shirtless one strikes a pose dramatically.
92 A shirtless man and another one in a blue tee shirt stand in a blue frame in a room with white walls.
92 A shirtless man and a man in a blue tee shirt hold a blue frame in an interior space.
92 While riding in a white elevator a young man in a black T shirt and a shirtless man hold an open blue frame and simulate a TV conversation therein.
93 A man in a straw hat stands in the middle of a field pulling the cord of an red and white instrument.
93 In daytime, person wearing red bandana mask and long sleeved shirt yanks starting cord from machine while both are in a field.
93 a man in a blue smock and large straw hat pulls the string on a large gas motor that starts and stirs up some dust from beneath it.
93 Man with straw hat shows a machine and discusses its price during the day in the field.
93 Asian man with mask and a large straw hat pulls a string and explains about his machine outdoors on a golden field during daytime.
94 Man sitting talking to woman in studio.
94 White middle aged man with glasses talk to a white young woman in a black dress at a television interview indoors.
94 Against a black background, a man and a woman sit spaced apart at a large curved table as man talks toward the woman.
94 at a news desk a man in a dark suit talks to a woman in a black dress
94 A male news anchor talks to a female news anchor at their desk inside a large room.
95 two young men walk gingerly down a rocky arroyo
95 Two men scramble down rocky embankment on sunny day.
95 Two people are walking down a steep hill on a sunny day.
95 Two hispanic men hiking downhill into a cave among dried up vegetation in daylight.
95 Two men hiking down a dry creek bed one wearing sandals.
96 Close up profile of a man with a mustache and sunglasses as he smokes a cigarette and lets out smoke inside a room with orange walls.
96 Young brown skin man with sunglasses and a thin mustache takes a toke from a joint and blows a smoke ring.
96 a man with a small mustache and goatee takes a drag on a hand rolled cigarette and exhales the smoke
96 Man wearing dark glasses, with an ear ring in his left ear, slowly draws on a cigarello.
96 A man in glasses takes a puff from a cigarette and blows the smoke out of his mouth in a room.
97 Asian people watch a bride put a ring on the finger of her groom in an indoor ceremony
97 A group of dressed up people sit together as a woman puts a ring on a man's finger and an object is passed behind them from 1 of the other men to a woman.
97 A bride is placing a wedding ring on her husband's husband to be while the family watches.
97 Asian woman puts a ring on an Asian man's finger while onlookers watch.
97 At an Asian wedding, the bride places a ring on the groom's finger with family members seated around them.
98 A man in a pea coat steers a boat while a man in costume as an historical sailor stands by his side as they sail choppy waters.
98 One man with bushy hair steers a sail boat as another man also in black but with a black cap stands against a railing as a choppy sea moves under a cloudy cover.
98 Two men are in a boat in water as one steers the wheel behind him.
98 Two bearded men, one with light Brown frizzy hair at the wheel and the other standing by in a vintage black uniform ride an old sailing vessel.
98 A bearded man in a black sweater steers a sailboat on an overcast day at sea.
99 Three people are playing instruments in the entrance of a building and a large orchestra and choir are performing on stage.
99 A young people's orchestra is shown first with boys playing a clarinet, a horn and tuba and then the whole orchestra and choir performing with a conductor inside.
99 A symphony orchestra plays, 3 young musicians practice in a foyer, and then the orchestra appears again.
99 Three young musicians play in a building entranceway, and an orchestra plays on stage.
99 Three teenagers practicing their instruments transitions to a full concert orchestra performing on a stage.
100 White person's face laying face up with open eyes, with face, eyelids and beard covered with white powder.
100 A white young male with long dirty blond hair is laying on his back motionless with eyes and mouth open and white powder on his face.
100 a young man with long hair, a slight beard and white stuff on his face lies agape
100 Young man with small beard lies on surface, his face, ear and hair speckled with residual white paint.
100 A Caucasian man with a dried white cream on his face lays dead with his eyes open.
101 Boy holds bat upright as he sits at side of grassy area at night talking.
101 a back lit young man holding the handle of a sporting stick, talks to a camera
101 A little boy in a white shirt speaks into the camera sitting on a cement wall at dusk.
101 A young white boy with dark hair sits in a parking lot of a large brown building at night with a street light behind his head.
101 A Hispanic young boy holds a microphone next to a house, cars and trees at night time.
102 the bride of a bridal couple sitting on a white love seat kisses the groom's hand then he holds up a formal document for the attendees to see while they both smile broadly
102 Indian couple, both wearing white, he with black triangular hat and she with sari over head and down sides, sit on white sofa, look at papers held by man, and laugh.
102 A bride and groom sitting in white chairs hold up a piece of paper and show excitement.
102 Middle eastern young couple sitting in front of flowers as the woman bends down to kiss the man's hand, while both laughing and holding up a piece of document, inside a hall.
102 Couple laughing as they show a document.
103 A person with skis and underwear preparing his scarf.
103 Young white man on skis folds a colorful ribbon, standing next to a white woman on a snowy mountain at daytime.
103 On snowy sun lit slope, one man with no trousers on adjusts long orange strip of cloth, as another wearing long pants, looks around.
103 a man in a white shirt and grey swimming suit disentangles and folds an orange strap from his skis as another man stands near him
103 A person in a white shirt is holding red straps in his hands out on the snow on a sunny day.
104 A six piece band comprised of two guitarists, a violinist, a lead singer, a flutist/saxophonist, and a drummer perform under blue and red lights.
104 A band plays on stage in a darkened music venue.
104 A band performs onstage.
104 A band with violin and guitar plays in an entertainment venue with colored lighting, including both men and a woman.
104 A group of musicians perform in a dark room.
105 The industrial part of an airport can be seen out the window of the parked plane.
105 An SAS airplane is parked at an airport on an overcast day.
105 Luggage carriers are on an airplane tarmac outside on a sunny day.
105 A view over the wing of an SAS plane shows a large Mazda advertisement at an airport.
105 An SAS airliner is parked at the gate in an airport.
106 Some people sit outdoors on blankets spread under cherry blossom trees in groups while others walk along a walkway.
106 A group of picnickers sit on a blanket in a park with pink blossoms in bloom on a sunny spring day with others walking along the wide tree-lined lane.
106 People are sitting in a park on blankets enjoying a picnic on a sunny day.
106 People are seen picnicking and strolling through a park like area in the springtime amidst blooming trees.
106 Picnickers sit on a blue blanket under flowering trees in a park.
107 Back of a hiker with backpack on his back climbing in a forest across from mountain under blue skies ay daytime.
107 A hiker with a green backpack is climbing up the trail in the woods on a mountain on a sunny day with light white clouds.
107 a man carrying a backpack hikes along a trail under some pines in a mountainous area
107 Back of a person wearing backpack and climbing steep slope between trees under blue sky.
107 A person in a green backpack hikes up a hill on a sunny day.
108 Under sunshine, shaggy haired, gray bearded man coils rope around hand in boat bouncing in choppy water.
108 a shirtless old man with curly hair and a black and grey beard coils a rope in a small boat
108 An old man out on a rowing boat gathers rope in his hand on a sunny day out in the ocean.
108 Bearded long haired white fisherman holds a net and stands between the oars on his boat in the ocean during the day.
108 Middle aged man with long beard is sitting in a boat working with ropes on waters during daylight.
109 a man uses a hang glider to pull himself up onto the surface of the ocean
109 Sunny day and surfboarder lies on surfboard which is being towed by kite strip until surfer rises to stand be towed through the sea.
109 A man in the ocean holds on to a para sail and stand up on the board on a sunny day.
109 Wind surfer in the sea holding on to the string of their kites at daytime.
109 Man on Para sail in ocean.
110 A bride standing on the steps outside a church throws her bouquet toward a group of women waiting outside
110 A woman in a bridal gown throws her bouquet to a group of women in front of a church.
110 A woman in white stands with her back to a group of women and throws a bouquet over her head to them.
110 At the end of a church wedding, a bride faces inside the church as she throws her bouquet over her head from an exit to a group of waiting women in warm weather.
110 A bride throws her bouquet of flowers to other women following a wedding ceremony outside on a sunny day.
111 a group of elderly people do a simple exercise step dance in front of a small band with an emcee and dancers
111 Man and woman, in long white dress, sing into mikes on stage as rows of people, many with white hair, move and clap.
111 A group of older people are line dancing while a band plays on a stage in front of them inside a room.
111 Group of seniors are dancing line dances as directed by many performers who stand on the stage in a lit up room.
111 A band is playing and people are line dancing.
112 Three men, 2 white 1 black, balance on a log crossing water with trees lining back shore.
112 three men walk along a half-sunken log to get to the shore of a river
112 Three young boys balance on a log floating in water on a sun day.
112 Two white young men one with blue shirt with back packs and one black man with walk on a tree trunk in the river towards the bank holding on to each other backs as the one with the blue shirt stumbles to the bank.
112 One black man and a woman crossing the waters on a wooden log on the river surrounded by green trees on a sunny day.
113 A man in a white shirt shaves his mustache in front of a mirror while another man watches him.
113 A man in a short haircut uses an electric razor in front of a mirror to trim his mustache as a young man holds up a picture of Adolf Hitler,
113 2 men are in a bathroom and 1 is trimming his mustache to resemble the mustache of a dead murderer/ dictator.
113 A man holding a picture of Hitler trims his mustache with an electric razor.
113 One man holds up a photo of Hitler as another man looks in a bathroom mirror and trims his moustache like Hitler's.
114 A man in sunglasses stops to say something to a man dressed in a costume outside on the sidewalk.
114 Outside on sunny day on side of city traffic road, one man raises his arm and points as another man wearing large white circles from which his head is seen, stands slightly hunched.
114 on the sidewalk of a busy street, a young man in a grey t-shirt talks and gestures as the camera pans around to another young man whose face is sticking through a circular hole in a larger, rigid thing
114 Young white man with a back pack answering a white man in a white head dress costume on the sidewalk next to a motorcycle during the day.
114 Man is talking to another man whose face is in a white wooden frame, standing on a street while cars go by at day time.
115 A crowd claps and cheers as several performers cross an indoor stage.
115 Against a backdrop of a bicycling video, a group of musicians walk across a stage waving, as audience members' hands are seen clapping and cheers are heard.
115 A cheering audience stands in front of a band in an auditorium with band members on stage while a video shows bicyclists riding down a road.
115 People in an audience applaud as a band takes the stage while images are projected on a screen behind them.
115 An audience applauds when a group of musicians walk onto a stage while a video is playing.
116 a woman in black shorts and top gets into the right seat of a white sports car
116 Outdoor on sunny day, woman wearing sleeveless black top and shorts enters convertible car from right open door.
116 A woman in a black outfit gets into a fancy sports car.
116 White woman in black short shorts sits into a white convertible car outside in sunshine.
116 Woman dressed in black getting in a sports car.
117 Two men hike along a dirt path outside and the man wearing shorts throws two colored discs into a contraption on a pole made of chains.
117 2 men are at the beach getting ready to play a game with colored disc and a chain basket.
117 A man throws a disk inside a chain linked object while another man watches outside.
117 A man in shorts pitches a blue disk into a metal basket.
117 One of two men outdoors wearing sweatshirts picks up a blue frisbee-like disc and tosses it into a metal basket on a pole as he picks up another green disk.
118 the camera moves from the clasped hand of a couple to the smiling face of a middle-aged south-Asian woman
118 Asian woman wearing green jacketed dress and red rose in her lapel smiles as in front of her two individuals clasp hands.
118 An older woman is standing in front of two people holding hands and with her hands in between theirs.
118 Asian woman with brown hair and earrings, wearing colorful green dress with a red flower stands while holding on into the hands of two other people.
118 a woman holding hands with two people in a ceremony outside by trees
119 In front of a stone wall, a woman in a white dress rushes up to a woman in a grey dress, yanks a book from her, turns around and then rushes back.
119 A woman snatches a book out of the hands of another woman wearing a grey dress who is standing in front of a stone wall.
119 2 female actors perform on an outdoor stage with 1 running to the first with a book then grabbing the book away.
119 A woman in a grey dress holding a book in a stage setting of ancient stones has the book pulled from her by a woman in white who exits in this staging of a play.
119 A woman in a peach dress approaches another woman in a gray dress and snatches a book from her hands in front of a brick wall.
120 a climber untangles ropes as he sits at the top of a cliff over a deep valley
120 Person stands against boulder at top of steep rocky slope with orange lines tangled at feet, and points downward.
120 A man is untangling two ropes while sitting on a rock with another person on a sunny day.
120 Man sits on big rocks working with ropes on a sunny day
120 Young male rock climber dressed in black points at where to go sitting on the cliff handling orange and blue ropes.as another motions with hand.
121 Blue sky day light as three hot air balloons rise, sign on one saying Reno Balloon Race.
121 three hot air balloons awaiting takeoff from a large area blow gently in front of a pale blue sky
121 People are walking around three hot air balloons outside on a sunny day.
121 Three hot air balloons are ready to lift off on a bright morning with many spectators on a field
121 One huge colorful Hot Air balloon and two smaller ones on each side standing on the ground outdoors on a hazy day with visible mountain range in the background
122 A snow boarder ascends a hill, does a flip, and goes down as spectators watch.
122 A young person drives a snowboard up a hill and does a turn coming down outside a town seen in the background.
122 A man skis over a hill and does a flip in the air outside on a sunny day.
122 With a village in the distance, a man in blue and white on a multicolor snowboard flips over a jump as several people watch.
122 A snowboarder on a mountain snowboard course goes over a jump and does a twist before landing.
123 One older white woman and two young white women are seated at a table indoors, while one young woman with long light brown hair talks and the older woman plays with the girl's hair who is seated at her right, in front of 2 pictures on the wall.
123 Three women sit around a table conversing with art on the wall behind them and water glasses on the table.
123 in front of a white wall with hanging pictures a young woman in a flowered dress talks to the camera while two others sit next to her at a table with four water glasses, listening
123 Three women sit in a room at a table on which are glasses of water as the youngest talks and the middle older woman nods.
123 A young woman is sitting at a table talking to two other women.
124 Man wearing a blue shirt and overalls holding an apple and speaking in a factory.
124 White man with grey beard and glasses, wearing an apron holds an apple in one hand and apple cider in the other hand, is standing next to large silver containers and talking indoors.
124 A man with a small beard, wearing glasses and a leather apron over a blue short sleeve shirt, stands inside against a backdrop of curved metal objects, talking towards unseen observer.
124 a bearded man in a blue shirt and tan overall holds an apple and a glass and talks to someone off screen
124 A man in a blue shirt and overalls discusses making cider at a cider mill.
125 A woman is a plaid dress whispers something in another women's ear inside a room.
125 Two women stand in room and one holds eye glasses as she wipes under her eyes and the other woman laughs, leans over after looking at a paper in her hands, and whispers in first woman's ear and laughs.
125 two Asian women talk to each other while one fixed her eye makeup
125 Asian woman wiping off tears holding her glasses and smiles to another woman
125 Two Asian young girls are talking with one wiping her eyes, the other whispers something in her ear, indoors with artificial lights.
126 One of four wind surfers jumps into the air as he rides a wave.
126 A man on a sailboard leaps over a wave in the sea.
126 A young man expertly maneuvers a catamaran over ocean waves.
126 A sail surfer rides up the back of a wave and jumps past other sail-surfers and to the front of an incoming wave.
126 A group of people are wind surfing on a sunny day in the ocean.
127 on a beach between cliffs and the ocean, a woman carrying a backpack walks away and is followed at several yards by a man,
127 Small wavelets come ashore sandy beach as man wearing long trousers walks toward outcrop of rocky boulders.
127 A person is walking along a beach as the water rushes up to the shore on a sunny day.
127 Waves coming in from the sea on a beach next to a rocky mountain while two people are walking on the sand.
127 Person walking away from beach towards sand stone cliffs in the day time.
128 A very little boy in a winter jacket, red cap and mittens walks down a paved street and reaches up to take the hand of a man in a black-and-white sweater.
128 A toddler walks on an asphalt surface and takes the hand of an adult walking next to them.
128 A baby in a red hat toddles next to a person in a black and white jacket outside.
128 Small boy in a red cap walks beside a man on a paved road outside.
128 A smiling toddler boy walking in a red hat, a green winter jacket, and black mittens takes the hand of an adult wearing a black and white top and blue jeans.
129 Group of people mixed sexes carrying colorful plastic sails outdoors at almost evening hours.
129 Paratroopers carry parachutes across the field.
129 people carry bunched up sheets of kite or balloon fabric away from a field
129 Outdoors, Man lugs armful of orange and yellow material at edge of crowd walking across field as others carry similar bundles.
129 A group of people are walking across a field holding colorful fabric balled up in their arms.
130 African-looking musicians sit around a fire playing and singing.
130 Five Rastafarians sing and play music well sitting around a campfire under a tiki Hut with tiki torches.
130 A black band under a thatch roof sings and plays a bass drum, a gourd with beads on it in front of a flag hanging in the background
130 A boy sings before a group of musicians wearing clothes of their culture.
130 A group of Africans are sitting around playing instruments in front of a fire at night.
131 on a stage, four men in farmer overalls play violin, guitar, banjo, and bass and sing
131 Group of four, 3 men 1 woman, play instruments including violin, banjo and guitar, and sing indoors.
131 A band of men playing strings perform together outside.
131 White men off different ages are playing country music on a guitar, banjo a bass and a violin, outdoors in the evening.
131 Musicians play outdoors and sing.
132 Two young toddlers sit on padded bench indoors and smile and raise their heads.
132 two small Asian kids sit together on a bench and watch something that moves around jerkily above them
132 An African american baby and little girl sit on a sofa while someone is taking their pictures.
132 Two young children sitting on a bench looking at the camera
132 A baby and a little girl of mixed race are sitting on a couch inside a living room, the older one smiles, and the little one is wearing a bib.
133 Young men are walking with their bikes on a hill and one of them stops and dances on a sunny day.
133 A line of three bicycle riders walks to rejoin a trail where a fourth bicycle rider swings his hips and raises his hand to background music.
133 On a sunny day, 3 people walk their bikes along a leafy area and a 4th bicyclist gyrates and pumps his fist in the air, trying to be humorous.
133 Asian man pushing a bicycle on an outdoor path stops to raise his arm and shout.
133 The last of three men walking bicycles through a wooded area appears to celebrate as he holds his hand up and gestures.
134 A motorcyclist wearing a helmet races down a trail in the woods.
134 Two motor cross riders are shown at an event, one in blue in a clearing and the other in red navigating under an obstacle in the woods
134 A motorcyclist with a white helmet negotiates a leaf-strewn path laid out for a contest as someone watches from the side.
134 A cyclist rides by spectators to a wooded course during a sporting event.
134 A motorcyclist rides through the woods on a trail and towards an area where people are watching outside on a sunny day.
135 A skier dressed in olive green wearing a black backpack skies through tall evergreen trees.
135 A lone snow skier skis downhill through trees.
135 A skier skies among trees.
135 A man in black winter clothing and knitted cap skis between the trees in a winter setting in the woods.
135 A man is skiing through trees on a cloudy day.
136 A silhouette of a man in a hat walking towards a light outside at night.
136 Dark shape of man wearing hat moves forward blocking the one light from continued view.
136 at night, a man in shadow wearing a hat walks slowly toward a brighter area that has palm trees in it
136 Man with western hat is walking at night in the woods towards a light.
136 Silhouette of a man's head with a hat against lamps outdoors during nighttime.
137 Three or four helmeted people crowd jump out of an airplane in quick succession.
137 Skydivers jump out of a plane.
137 A group of people are jumping out of an airplane to sky dive.
137 A group of helmeted skydivers jumps from a plane.
137 From a perspective inside a plane, four skydivers exit with a fifth following behind.
138 Woman with long blonde hair standing facing a blackboard and erasing formula writing in a classroom.
138 A blonde white teacher with a red and white dress and long hair faces the blackboard and wipes it with her left hand.
138 a blonde woman erases the chalk from a blackboard
138 Woman with long blond hair erases words from several sections of a wall mounted blackboard.
138 A blonde woman standing at a chalk board erases writing on the board inside a classroom.
139 A band plays drums on a stage.
139 Four people performing on a stage hitting different objects and singing in the evening outdoors.
139 Two men on stage play drums as another standing on floor in front of them, also plays drums.
139 a bunch of young men on a stage drum on a variety of drums and other things
139 A band bangs on drums on a dark stage with lights.
140 Five men in black kneel before various instruments, one plays a flute, one drums softly on large solid circle.
140 five musicians play a recorder and drums on a stage with many other percussion instruments in front of them
140 Five men dressed in black are playing wooden instruments in side in front of a brick wall.
140 Musicians play strange instruments.
140 Asian and white men are on a stage demonstrating instruments of different kinds next to a wall
141 A dog sniffs trees outdoors in the snow.
141 A Dalmatian spotted dog sniffs a bare tree trunk in the snow in a wooded setting.
141 A Dalmatian is walking around in the snow smelling outside on a sunny day.
141 A Dalmatian is seen in a white snowy clearing against black trees on a sunny day with distinct shadows.
141 A black and white spotted dog walks in bright daylight in snow next to a tree.
142 Young man with beard is standing in the middle of a busy street, singing surrounded by people, cars and motorcycles at nighttime.
142 Man singing and walking in street at night.
142 at night a singing man walks down a street of small shops
142 Bearded and mustached man wearing skull cap and jacket walks up night time street between peopled stalls and parked motorbikes as he smiles and jives while moving hands.
142 A man in a hat walks down a street with a lot of motorcycles parked on either side of the street.
143 A group of Arab men dress in white stand in line and shake the hand of a man in front of them at night.
143 Black man stands shaking hands with mid-east man wearing flowing turban and gown as others watch next to white table with upright gold metal and gold object on top.
143 an Arab man in a white caftan is congratulated by other man while a golden trophy of a large boot sits at a table in front of them
143 An Arab Sheikh dressed in white is shaking hands with a young soccer player as the gold trophy is on a white covered table and 4 other middle eastern men look on.
143 Group of Middle Eastern men, and a black man are standing around an art object at night time as two of them shake hands.
144 A man wearing a blue jacket and an orange helmet talks to a young girl wearing a flowered white dress indoors.
144 A man with a brown curly ponytail wearing an orange helmet and a blue jacket cuts himself when he is distracted by a little blonde girl that yells at him.
144 A woman with long blonde hair sits across from a man in a blue jacket and orange helmet in front of a stone wall and, amidst colored tissue papers she screw something on the table.
144 A little girl and a man wearing bike gear talk in front of a stone wall as the little girl uses a tool on something obscured from view by colorful tissue paper.
144 A man in an orange helmet is talking to a young woman near a stone wall.
145 An orchestra holds up lighted wands as their leader stands before the clapping audience in an auditorium
145 A student orchestra has light sabers for bows which their audience appreciates.
145 An orchestra pays for an audience in a large room.
145 An audience in an auditorium claps for an orchestra.
145 An audience claps as a youth string orchestra stands and holds up their uniquely lit bows.
146 two cage fighters loosen up inside the ring as a man in a shiny jacket talks to the small crowd through a mike
146 A crowd of spectators sit at red ring on which man in referee uniform walks, talks into mike, as two boxers stand at side.
146 An announcer is introducing a boxing match to an audience in a boxing hall.
146 Two male boxers are waiting in the rink while announcer talks to an audience indoors in a boxing arena
146 Emcee introduces two fighters to the crowd in an arena.
147 A group of young men are running and jumping over short and tall walls in a room.
147 Young men race in an indoor venue over blocks of varying heights toward the end.
147 Teenagers jump over items on an obstacle course.
147 Racers jump over obstacles in an indoor gym.
147 Six young men in two rows of three jump three sets of solid hurdles as they run through an indoor facility.
148 A skateboarder in black does tricks in an indoor skateboard area.
148 A skateboarder dressed in black rides up the side of an indoor halfpipe, flips his skateboard over the top, and then rides back down .
148 A young man in black on a skateboard goes up and down and around on a skateboard venue inside.
148 A skateboarder rides the surface in an outdoor skate park at night.
148 A young man in a black outfit skate boards in an indoor skate board arena.
149 On a fashion walkway, two women walk, one wearing shorter patterned dress enters, as one with long yellow patterned skirt, exits.
149 on a fashion show runway, a woman in a flowing yellow and brown skirt and brown and white top walks away from the camera as another model in a shorter yellow and brown dress comes toward the camera
149 Two women dressed in yellow walk on a runway modeling their outfits.
149 Two models on the runway in yellow dresses.
149 Woman with black hair walks modeling a long brown and white skirt with a brown and white top, coming across a blond woman modeling a white and brown dress indoors at a fashion show.
150 2 teams of women standing on a flexible surface in an arena play a game with a ball and a net as spectators watch.
150 Two teams play volleyball in an auditorium with a large crowd as someone from the red team returns the ball close to the net.
150 Two teams are playing volleyball in an inside stadium with an orange floor and chairs.
150 In an overhead view, women play volleyball in a gymnasium in Brazil with fans mostly dressed in red.
150 Women's teams play volleyball in an arena.
151 two women, one wearing a wide brimmed black hat, both in black tops and pants dance
151 Two people, one a woman wearing hat and earrings, one wearing hat and fancy belt, dance in sync with one another in line on a dimly lit area.
151 Two women dressed identical outfits perform on a stage in a dark room.
151 Two young women dressed in red and black are dancing side by side on a stage indoors.
151 Two young white female dancers with black suits over a red top and hats dance on stage to a pink background.
152 A man's voice talks as a doctor with a stethoscope holds a plastic test item in a black boy's mouth in a clinic setting with another black boy waiting his turn.
152 A little boy and his parents are in a medical setting and a staff member measures the child's lung capacity with a tube which the child blows into.
152 A man administers a medical treatment to a young black boy while a woman stands behind him.
152 A doctor has a black child breath into a tube.
152 A young black boy is comforted by an adult and his sister as a white doctor holds a breathing device up to his mouth
153 A man in a hat uses an old saw and cuts a brick in the ground in half outside on a sunny day.
153 Kneeling man wearing white sombrero hat saws a grey brick in half and oriental man, also kneeling, picks it up and smiles.
153 a man in a white hat and blue shirt uses a hand saw to cut a small piece out of a boardwalk while a group of Asian men crouch around him watching
153 Man with white hat cuts a wood panel from a floor as others cheer on.
153 Asian man sitting on the ground with other men around him watching and cheering as one of the man wearing a wide white hat frees a block from the street on a sunny day.
154 young White man with a beard, brown hair and white shirt cutting potatoes in a kitchen and telling the camera what size they should be sliced, showing the actual size, with a fridge full of magnets on the door behind him.
154 White man with beard is standing in a kitchen next to sink, cutting a food item with a big knife.
154 Man cuts onion in kitchen, raising a slice questioningly to someone off view.
154 a man cuts thick slices of potato and shows the camera how thick one is
154 A man in a white shirt cuts potatoes on a cutting board in a kitchen.
155 A black man wearing a white shirt paints in bold strokes on a painting mainly of blue and yellow.
155 A black man in a white shirt is painting on some surface.
155 A young man in a white shirt works on an abstract painting of blue and yellow.
155 A black man in a white shirt paints on a wall .
155 A man in a white shirt is using a painting yellow white and blue mural on a wall.
156 A crowd of people are walking around on a street at dusk.
156 People walk on sidewalk in front of stores with banners advertising their products and on the opposite side a long trestle table with vegetables displayed.
156 lines of people walk both ways between shop window and street vendors selling oranges
156 Pedestrians walk by stores and vendors.
156 Many people are rushing by at an outdoors at a busy street lined with stores and a produce market with tomatoes set on tables at night time.
157 A brightly painted open air jeep with a tiger hood in a tropical setting passes by a light pink building on a corner with a crowded open air cafe upstairs.
157 On a clear day a brightly-colored jeep-like vehicle with the word 'Safari' on the door moves down a city street.
157 A vehicle painted with black and orange with a yellow awning drives by a pink building with white archways on a sunny day.
157 A driver in a jitney with a yellow shade drives down a street with a candy-pink-painted store with palm trees and blue skies in the background
157 A person is driving a safari jeep pass a pink building outside on a sunny day,
158 A man is standing and writing on a black board in a classroom.
158 A man with glasses stands drawing a figure on a huge blackboard while talking.
158 A heavy set person in dark shirt and sweater vest draws geometric figures on a blackboard.
158 A man wearing a grey sweater is drawing a diagram on a blackboard.
158 A middle aged man with salt and pepper hair and a patterned brown sweater draws a pentagram on a chalkboard in a classroom as he speaks.
159 Blond woman in red long sleeve sweater kneels on pad on a rocky beach and talks to viewer then motions toward the sea water.
159 a woman in an orange t-shirt kneels on a yoga mat on a gravelly beach talking to the camera and gesturing toward the ocean
159 A woman in gray and red athletic clothes kneels on an exercise mat speaking into the camera on a beach.
159 Woman on a yoga mat on the beach talking to camera.
159 Young white woman with blonde hair is sitting on a rocky beach showing thumbs up during a cloudy day
160 A blond woman takes clothes from a commercial dryer and drops them into a basket.
160 A young woman with blonde braids in a light pink top and jeans takes clothes out of dryer number 9 in a laundromat.
160 A blonde young woman, hair in pigtails, reaches into the lower tier of commercial drying machines and removes clothes.
160 A woman sorts socks as she removes items from a large, commercial dryer.
160 A woman in a pink shirt puts takes laundry out of a dryer inside of a laundromat.
161 A man is talking in front of a bookcase filled with books.
161 A dark-haired man with a mustache sits and gesticulates in front of bookcases packed with books.
161 A man speaks and gestures as he sits in front of book filled shelves.
161 A seated man wearing a red sweater under a suit coat sits in front of a bookcase.
161 A black haired man with a gray mustache wearing a blue shirt, red vest, and black jacket sits in front of a wall of books.
162 a man wearing a n orange shirt in an office with a locked locker behind him talks to the camera
162 White haired man sits in room turned from desk and talks.
162 A man in a red shirt sits at a desk speaking into the camera in a room.
162 White man with greying hair and red shirt, sits inside an office next to a desk and metal lockers, and a .picture on the wall
162 Middle aged white man with gray hair and red shirt sits in front of a large green locker.
163 A woman and a man wearing masks do a sort of dance in an interior area.
163 In a black and white video playing backwards in slow motion, a young man and a young woman, both wearing full masks, jog past a Tiffany's.
163 A man and a woman in helmet-like masks dance backwards in front of a building in the daylight, accompanied by classical music.
163 A masked woman and man with a toy gun and rope jog backwards along the side of the jeweler, Tiffany's.
163 Two people wearing a mask are backing up in slow motion passing a Tiffany store.
164 Middle aged white man sits in a chair while another middle aged white man is massaging his mid section in a store in daytime.
164 Man tapping on another man's tummy.
164 a man in a blue and white plaid shirt sits in a fabric lawn chair and talks to the camera while another man in a maroon shirt massages his stomach then walks away
164 Man in blue plaid shirt reclines in soft beach chair as another man wearing glasses palpates the first man's belly, before shaking his head and walking away.
164 A man in a burgundy shirt massages a man stomach while he is sitting down.
165 A woman with a child speaks to two women seated at a table in a narrow city street.
165 On a warm sunny day in an Italian alley peppered with hanging laundry, two women seated at a table demonstrate a difficult skill.
165 On a very narrow pedestrian street in Europe, two older women sit at a table doing handiwork as a tourist woman and her daughter look on.
165 A woman and her small daughter stop to look at the work of 2 ladies sitting at a table on a narrow city street with laundry hanging on clothes lines overhead.
165 A woman with a child stops to talk to a two ladies and a man sitting at a table outside on a narrow street on a sunny day.
166 A silver metal sculpture holding a gold cross like staff with a Cote DE Arms banner with another silver figure holding an open book.
166 A colorful art work with many ornaments is shown and is turned around in a dark room with artificial lights.
166 A figure of a toy knight with large shield turns on a pedestal.
166 a staff holds up a placard with a figure of someone with a crown holding an open book
166 A gladiator toy figure of a rotates.
167 On a darkened stage, an Asian woman comes forward, lifts mike, and raises her hands high.
167 a young woman wearing a black top and silver pants and holding a mike sings and dances accompanied by a guitarist
167 A young Asian woman sings on the stage with others.
167 Singer dances as she waves her hands.
167 Young Asian girl dances on a stage while next to her an asian young man plays the guitar at night time.
168 the camera scans up over an orange book bag to a young man in a grey hoodie writing on a laptop and then empty chairs along the long table the man is sitting at
168 Young man sits at table with book open, and writes.
168 A man sits at a desk writing with an orange backpack on the table next to him in a room.
168 Young white man is sitting at a desk, writing with pencil inside room with his red jacket resting next to him.
168 Young man with brown hair wearing a gray sweatshirt with a logo in front in a class room writing notes with a pencil on two notebooks
169 Several small paintings on paper are pieced together to make a mural of 2 black women's portraits.
169 Paintings of black women lie on a surface.
169 2 portraits of women painted on cardboard rest on another piece of cardboard.
169 A woman talks over two pictures of a black man and a black woman placed side by side on a mirrored background.
169 A portrait of an African American man and woman on cardboard.
170 An overhead view of a drummer and a saxophonist performing on a street corner in front of recycling/trash bins, next to a street vendor.
170 Two young white male street musicians play on the sidewalk while people pass near them.
170 4 street musicians perform on a corner outdoors.
170 Street musicians on the sidewalk in front of trash and recycling cans play drums and a saxophone as a woman in black with a red purse walks around them.
170 A group of band members are performing outside on a street.
171 A ice hockey player with black jersey number 24 scores a goal against the goalie with a blue jersey then turn around pumps his fist as his team mates gather and hug him in celebration.
171 Hockey players play on a hockey field and the black uniformed team hugs each other.
171 Ice hockey play area with players wearing black celebrating as goalie crouches holding up hand.
171 a hockey player in a black uniform scores a goal and is congratulated by his teammates
171 Team members show excitement during a game of ice hockey.
172 A bride and her father walk down the aisle past guests on a sunny day near mountains.
172 Outdoor garden in daylight as white haired man escorts woman wearing wedding dress down path between standing people.
172 in a park or garden, a white haired man in a dark suit escorts a young woman in a bridal gown down the aisle between two sets of card chairs with people watching them toward a man waiting for them
172 Father walking a bride in a wedding ceremony outdoors with the green hills in the background as guests look on.
172 Young white woman in a white wedding dress is led by an older white gentleman with grey hair toward a wedding official in a garden, surrounded by flowers and a group of people on a sunny day.
173 A boy in a floating tube hits a ball to another boy in an indoor pool.
173 Two boys with dark hair, one in an inner tube, play catch with a white ball in an indoor swimming pool.
173 Two boys play ball in an indoor swimming pool with one of the boys in an innertube.
173 Boys play with a ball in an indoor swimming pool.
173 Two boys are playing in an indoor swimming pool.
174 A man types on is laptop inside a storage area with shelves of audio visual equipment.
174 A man uses a computer while standing in front of storage rack with various parts inside a warehouse.
174 A man in a tee shirt types on his laptop as he stands in front of a bookcase filled with metal objects.
174 A man wearing a gray T shirt with an ACR logo uses a laptop in a workshop full of technical parts.
174 A man in a grey tee shirt in a shop of some sort types on a laptop computer on the table in front of him.
175 Two black men are walking slowly on the beach between the water and trees at day light.
175 Two men walking on beach in slow motion.
175 two black men in baseball hats, t-shirts, and jeans walk slowly along a beach
175 Two men, both wearing long jersey shirt and billed hats, walk slowly up a beach, looking right and left.
175 Two African American men are walking alongside a shore of a beach during the daytime.
176 Young woman with black and gray head cover and black hair in a shop is marking on a map on the wall with a ruler.
176 Young Asian woman holding a large ruler measures a diagram on the wall, next to 2 dresses hanging on the wall inside a room.
176 Woman wearing silver sari measures drawing on wall with a T-square.
176 a woman wearing a silvery head cloth uses a square to mark a diagram and steps back to assess her work
176 A woman wearing a burka takes measurement on a wall next to outfits hanging.
177 Two men are standing near a table of musical equipment during the daytime on a sunny day.
177 A woman and a boy on bicycles ride away from a complex forest of scaffolding and sound equipment as two men in grey with earphones arrive.
177 A little boy and woman are on bikes among professional sound and visual equipment outdoors when 2 men rush towards the equipment and look ready to begin recording something as they all look at what's in front of them with happy facial expressions.
177 Two men wearing headphones are tending sound equipment that is set up on an outdoor table while a woman and a boy on bicycles listen.
177 As a row of lights mounted on black metal stands flash, two men run back to a sound table while removing their headphones.
178 Hispanic man and women dancing a fancy ballroom dance in a big tent surrounded by onlookers during the day.
178 Two dancers dance and the man lifts the woman as they spin with the crowd looking on.
178 a couple wearing black and white costumes, skate-dance in front of an audience
178 In large room, many people watch as man and woman in casual clothes dance and twirl with man lifting woman up in one turn.
178 A man and woman are dancing on a dance floor with people watching inside a bar.
179 An older Russian woman wearing glasses, a camo hat, vest, and pants, and a striped shirt is seated at a table in front of a wall and a rustic gate.
179 A woman wearing a broad-brimmed hat talks while sitting in a chair next to a table.
179 A bespectacled older person dressed in camo pattern hat and clothing except for a burgundy and white striped shirt, talks to the person off camera while sitting by a cloth covered table near a wooden gate with a sack tied to it and a wooden handle rests against their left hand.
179 An elderly woman sits with a long-sleeved top and a warming vest, holding a long walking stick, outside next to a table and with a burlap bag handing on a picket fence securing a barn door.
179 An older woman in a fatigue outfit is sitting near a gate talking into a camera.
180 The camera pulls back from a tropical setting with lounge chairs amid palm trees near water to show the balcony of an hotel room with a pair of red high-heels hooked on the railing and a white wedding dress on a hanger in the doorway to the balcony.
180 A white dress and red high heels are seen on the balcony of a resort hotel overlooking beach chairs and palm trees.
180 A wedding dress is hanging on a balcony near a pair of red heals.
180 A woman in a white gown looks out the sliding glass door of a room overlooking a beach.
180 Red high heels hang on the railing and a white gown with a black belt hang on the balcony overlooking tropical grounds with palm trees and umbrellas.
181 A man in black coveralls stops pushing his broom in an interior space and picks up a chair that was lying on its back.
181 In a warehouse type room with a concrete floor, a man wearing black overalls pushes a wide broom, stops, and then picks up a black chair.
181 A man in black pushes a broom to clean a large meeting room.
181 A man in black clothing sweeps the floor of an indoor space and picks up a chair that was turned over.
181 A man dressed in a black jumpsuit sweeps the floor and picks up a chair that was knocked over.
182 A photo of a store that says Shop Grill Chill.
182 An old two-storied house has an open sign, plus neon signs including 'antiques' and a shaded patio with table and chairs, a flag flying and a garden near the side.
182 A brick building that is both restaurant and store is shown.
182 A brick building next to a street has signs in its windows saying 'Antique Shop' ,'Grill', and 'Chili.'
182 An old brick two story building now houses an antique shop, a grill, and an ice cream shop
183 Three modern windmills can be seen turning behind a field surrounded by trees late in the day .
183 Two wind turbines spin in the wind on a sunny day.
183 2 units on an air energy farm are seen beyond green trees.
183 Two huge wind turbines turn behind a wooded hill in the day.
183 The view of a field during daytime with trees in a distance and two windmills turning behind them.
184 A seated person removes their dark wool slippers and we see some cardboard boxes and a room divider curtain in the background.
184 A person takes off his black scuff slippers while seated, in a room with beige carpeting.
184 While sitting on a bed a man takes off his slippers.
184 A person with dark pants and dark socks with white toes is seen sitting on the side of a bed kicking off a pair of dark slippers.
184 A sitting man takes off his black slippers indoors.
185 Woman in black lies on a carpet in an interior room.
185 A woman with dark hair wearing dark exercise clothes and sneakers lies down on an exercise mat with her knees bent to demonstrate an exercise.
185 A woman in a black sports outfit talks before lying down on a yoga mat with her knees raised near a white wall next to a door.
185 A woman lowers herself to reclining position on a mat as part of a demonstration.
185 A woman in an exercise outfit lay down on an exercise mat in a room with white walls.
186 Large group of people of different ages and races are warming up by running in place, all wearing a white sign with a number on it, outdoors surrounded by trees in daylight.
186 Participants in a race run in place on a road between green hills during the day.
186 A large group of people wearing numbers for a group run are running in place as a n amplified voice speaks in a foreign language.
186 Large crowed of men and women often wearing gray tops, all wearing large numbered cards on chests and athletic shoes, run in place under cloudy skies with trees on nearby hills
186 A group of men and women in gray tee shirts with yellow and pink writing are lifting their legs exercising outside on a sunny day.
187 Man speaking to a camera on a snow covered street in front of a snow covered house in the daytime.
187 White young man with beard and mustache wearing glasses, stands on a snow covered street in front of a house.
187 High snow drifts in front of houses on side of road as man wearing glasses talks toward camera.
187 a man talks into the camera in front of a row of snow covered houses and then is seen near a red Hyundai between the snow piles along a plowed road
187 A man speaks into a camera outside where it has snowed on a sunny day.
188 A video of the air vents and light at the ceiling of an airplane where passengers sit on an airplane.
188 Fixtures against white background and words advising that life vest is under seat and to fasten seat belt while seated.
188 the camera shows the array of overhead lights and vents above an airliner's seats
188 air flow and reading lights above a commercial aircraft passenger seat.
188 Two light controls and two fan controls above seats inside an airplane.
189 White young man reads from a newspaper to a group of young white men sitting on a bus surrounded by many cars, during a cloudy day.
189 Young white man with short hair poses a question to young white males on a bus holding a paper and pen.
189 a man leans over the back of his seat on a train and talks to the man behind him
189 Man leans over back of train seat and reads from magazine he holds to person sitting in the seat behind him.
189 A young man stands at the font of a bus holding a paper in his hand talking to the other guys on the bus.
190 Man spray painting on board.
190 Mam spray painting a black design on a blue metal sheet outdoors during the day/
190 Man spray paints a symbol on blue board lying at a slant over brick flooring outdoors.
190 a man in a red plaid shirt sprays black paint to create a design on a light blue ramp
190 A man in a plaid shirt is spraying black paint on a blue board outside on a sunny day.
191 in a parking lot with palm trees in the background, a young man does a spinning jump on a skateboard
191 Outdoors sunny day at hard surfaced area near palm trees and grass, young man wearing hat mounts skateboard and starts a jump reversal.
191 A man in a baseball cap does tricks on his skateboard outside in an area with palm trees on a sunny day.
191 Young teen twists around on his skateboard in a park next to palm trees during bright daylight.
191 Skate boarder on a street lined up with palm trees, rides his board and does tricks, during the day.
192 A man with black hair and a beard gives the peace sign from a small boat on the open water as another man wearing sunglasses and holding a beverage can watches.
192 Two shirtless men riding on a boat in the sea make hand gestures.
192 3 men are on a boat at sea as one signs 'love' and the other signs 'peace.'
192 Three men sit on a boat moving on a lake in cloudy weather.
192 Two men riding on a boat give hand gestures as they turn towards the camera.
193 White older man stands on a darkened stage but with spotlight on him, holding cigarette in right hand, tambourine loosely in left, leaning into mike and singing,
193 a fat man smoking a cigarette and holding a tambourine sings into a microphone in front of backup musicians
193 A man in a band is standing and talking into a microphone while smoking a cigarette.
193 Man holding a tambourine and smoking a cigarette singing to a microphone.
193 White heavy set male singing into a microphone while smoking a cigarette and holding a tambourine at nighttime outdoors surrounded by people cheering.
194 A surfer in a red shirt rides a wave in the sea.
194 A man with long brown hair wearing a red shirt and blue trunks on a yellow surfboard twists and turns as he rides a wave
194 A young man in a red top swirls from side to side showing what a good surfer he is as he rides a wave to shore on his surfboard.
194 A surfer expertly rides a wave.
194 A man in a red shirt surfs in an ocean outside on a sunny day.
195 A father gives his daughter away at a wedding ceremony inside a church.
195 In a church setting the camera shows a bride coming down the aisle with her father.
195 A man walks a woman dressed in white through a group of spectators and stops when he gets to another man int the front of the room.
195 A woman takes pictures of the bride at a wedding in a church.
195 A man with gray hair in a gray suit walks a bride carrying yellow flowers down the aisle at a church wedding and gently gives her a kiss when they reach the altar.
196 a large turtle swims placidly in the ocean
196 Turtle swims underwater.
196 A large sea turtle swims in the ocean in the daytime.
196 Sea Turtle is swimming in deep green waters.
196 Sea turtle swims in ocean.
197 Young men and women stand around a giant orange bowl that looks like a hot tub at a festive occasion.
197 A group of men and women stand outdoors around an orange tub of water that is shaped like a cup and big enough to hold 4 adults.
197 A group of people are standing around a large orange container filled with water outside
197 Several people wearing bathing suits or shorts, some drinking, stand around an outdoor hot tub
197 Eight young men and women dressed in bathing suits and casual summer clothes are gathered on a deck around an orange tub at an outdoor party.
198 A young man strokes the arm of a woman lying in a hospital bed who has two hospital id bracelets on her arm.
198 A man holds the hand of a hospital patient and someone off camera rubs their arm.
198 A man with a white band on his wrist hold the hand of someone in a hospital bed.
198 A man holds the hand of a person in a hospital bed.
198 A man with black hair sitting at the side of a hospital bed caresses the patient's hand with both of his hands
199 People of all ages are clapping and cheering inside a sport event in daytime standing
199 People cheering in stands.
199 in partially filled bleachers, people (including a man holding a baby) clap rhythmically and cheer
199 Woman stands and holds baby in arm, lightly bouncing, in an audience of other people all standing and clapping in multi-level auditorium
199 A crowd of people standing on bleachers clap and chant to a team on the indoor field.
200 Two men and a woman are taking pictures of each other outside in front of a tall building outside.
200 Two men and a woman pose for pictures as tourists with a very tall skyscraper in the hazy distance.
200 A young woman and 2 young men take turns photographing each other as they stand on a small ,brick structure on a city street.
200 Two men and a woman take pictures of each other on a city walkway next to a river.
200 Multiple frames show different shots of a young woman and two young men taking photos on a concrete bench with a tall skyscraper in the background.
201 A man stand in calm water near sand moving his arms back and forth on a sunny day.
201 Man swims in blue waters near sandy shore.
201 a man floats gently in the ocean between a visible sand bar and a hilly shore
201 A young dark skin man is wading in a lagoon on a sunny day in the tropics with a volcano in the background.
201 A man is swimming in the water near a sand covered beach with trees on the other bank on a cloudy day.
202 At a celebration, men in cylindrical black hats stand in a tent under orange, green, and white banners playing percussion instruments as 1 person off camera chants and sings.
202 One man holds up a tambourine as part of a group of men in black Indonesian hats as the group plays drums under an outside structure.
202 A group of men in black hats are playing different instruments in an area with yellow and orange flags hanging over top their heads.
202 Approximately a dozen men wearing black hats play various handheld percussion instruments during a chant.
202 Group of drummers in black caps plays inside a tent-like structure.
203 Woman sits on pad, one leg up bent at knee, back to glass window in a room.
203 a woman sits on a cushion on the floor and crosses and uncrosses the arms of a life-sized baby doll lying in front of her
203 A woman dressed in black is sitting on the floor with a doll baby in front of her demonstrating exercises for a baby.
203 woman showing baby exercises on a dummy sitting on the floor.
203 Young white woman sits on a carpet demonstrates how to exercise a baby's arms, in a room next to a sliding window in daylight.
204 Band playing and two white young women dancing on a stage at night time.
204 Chorus line women dance as band plays in the background.
204 women dance on stage in front of a band
204 On stage, two women bend rhythmically as women behind them play instruments.
204 Two women are dancing while a group of people are performing in a dark room with lights.
205 A woman in black stands in front of a desk speaking into the camera.
205 A woman in heavy makeup, with medium-length black hair sits, dressed in a black, sleeveless, scooped neck blouse at a table with a stuffed toy witch on a broomstick sits.
205 A young woman speaks to the camera and to her right, on the table, is a small figure of a female character that is popular during an autumn holiday in the US.
205 A woman in black behind an indoor counter speaks.
205 A woman in black sits in front of a wall and next to a block marked CFEMEA and a little stuffed witch, all in lavender.
206 On old video of a football team shows a black-shirted team against a white shirted team with onlookers around a fence at the field.
206 Players in a video of a football game from years ago pile up.
206 A football game is being played in a stadium full of people.
206 Football teams play in a football stadium.
206 A vintage black-and-white film shows an ongoing football game
207 the camera pans across a large low white building with a red tile roof and onto a large pond with a neatly trimmed lawn
207 Low white house with small pillars around entrance doors and red tiled roof and paved front drive is viewed as text reads in part 'the beauty of Poland,
207 A video is taken of a white building and its surroundings on a sunny day.
207 We see pretty white house with a lawn with trees, grass and a body of water on a sunny day.
207 Credits roll as the camera pans over a white house with red shingles with trees in the back and a large driveway in front on a beautiful clear day.
208 A man is shoveling something into a bag another man is holding.
208 Man wearing black shirt and white gloves, shovels up debris while standing in middle of many filled bags.
208 a man in a black t-shirt shovels something into a large plastic bag held by a coworker as two other men work among a piles of full bags
208 Man loading something into white bags with shovel.
208 Four men are shoveling something into white bags are surrounded by many white bags inside a room.
209 The runway is seen from the window of a small plane as it takes off on a sunny day .
209 A plane taxis on a runway in bright daylight.
209 The view of the runway out of a plane window as it taxis can be seen.
209 A light plane taxis down an airport runway.
209 Someone is looking out the window of a moving plane.
210 A man in jeans works under a sink.
210 A plumber wearing a white T shirt and light blue jeans is surrounded by tools as he works under a sink in a kitchen with white cabinets.
210 A man lies on the floor with his head and arms under a sink with doors open as the man sings.
210 A person is working under a sink to fix the plumbing.
210 A man in on the floor under a sink working on the pipes with his tools laying on the floor beside him in a kitchen.
211 A man and young woman are talking as they stand near a waterfront outside on a sunny day.
211 A white-shirted man turns to a long-haired companion near a boat tie-up in a European tourist plaza in daylight.
211 A male and female stand in an outdoor theater in a city where there is a bicycle parked by a sign in Italian.
211 A woman with long dark hair and a man wearing glasses and a white shirt are standing in an area of a city overlooking a marina.
211 A young woman with long straight dark hair and a young man with brown hair and glasses admire small boats at a dock in a picturesque town in Italy
212 a man in held up by other men as they jump up and down in a crowded room of dancers
212 Man in suit sits on shoulders of two other men and jigs up and down, with hands in air, as others around also raise hands in rhythm.
212 People are dancing around a man seated in a chair being held by others in a room.
212 One man is raised high as others are dancing inside a dark dance hall.
212 Young man in dark suit short black hair is being lifted by the guests as they all dance and raise hands indoors.
213 Man wearing orange helmet uses ropes as he climbs sheer face of tall rock formation.
213 a man in red climbs up the vertical wall of a rock formation
213 A person in red pants climbs a tall side of a mountain outside on a sunny day.
213 Rock climber climbing a large rock.
213 A person in red pants is climbing a steep rock outside on a sunny day
214 A marina with white boats next to the sea wall and the boat house with people milling about with view of the town on the hill on a clear sunny day and blue sky.
214 Lovely setting of mountain side with luxury buildings near water and boats as people are walking around near a grassy area on a bright sunny day.
214 Sunny day view of 2 story white building with a pier at which are anchored two boats with people walking up paths to and in front of building.
214 people line up near a low white building in a small port as a tour boat sits at anchor
214 People are walking near a large white building that is attached to a bridge and a dock with a boat on a sunny day.
215 A dogs runs towards a man in a green shirt and he sits down to hug and rub it outside.
215 Man wearing helmet plays with german shepherd dog before sitting down and holding dog on lap.
215 a man in a green t-shirt plays with a medium sized black and tan dog that seems very glad to see him
215 Dog jumps playfully on man then they hug.
215 Man in helmet and a green T shirt lures a dog, sits with him on the road during daylight
216 A person in costume with a cross bow looks at the target off camera.
216 A person in a ballet costume releases a cross bow in a video clip with a big letter E on it.
216 A man on stage is performing in the dark.
216 Behind a tilted big white E, a man with brown hair dressed in a blue and white period costume aims an antique bow and arrow.
216 A costumed man points a crossbow.
217 Men and women in costumes some dancing on a street parade during the day in-front of a green building.
217 People of all ages and race are watching a parade from a sidewalk in a city at daylight.
217 Spectators watch while standing near city street in front of stores.
217 people in costumes are lined up along a curb watching a parade
217 A crowd of people are standing around watching a person doing something in the street on a sunny day.
218 Low-hanging branches with bright red and green leaves sway gently in a grassy field near trees as daylight filters through the branches.
218 A branch with sparse but very colorful leaves in seen in a grassy area, outdoors at dusk.
218 An outdoors scene during daylight showing grass and tree branch with leaves.
218 A tree branch sways in the breeze in a wooded area in daylight.
218 A light filter through a camera lens in a wooded area creates red and blue effects on both leaves and sky.
219 An Asian man wearing black assumes a martial arts fighting stance in an indoor room.
219 An Asian man wearing a black jacket holds a stare as he rolls up his sleeves and then moves his arms fluidly.
219 An Asian man in a black outfit in an elegant setting assumes a martial arts pose in anticipation of a fight.
219 A man rolls up his sleeve and goes into a posture of exercise or martial arts while in a room decorated in English decor with dark wood and hanging baskets of flowers.
219 An Asian man dressed in black is positioning his body into a martial arts position inside a room.
220 An audience applauds after a group of performers give a performance in a large room.
220 A young man with long dark hair bows, in front of a group of young men and women arranged as a choir , as the audience inside a presentation hall claps.
220 An audience applauds during a performance by a choral group.
220 A long-haired man in a white shirt and a vest takes a bow to the applause of a crowd of onlookers.
220 A young man in a black tie bows and walks to the side of a stage as an audience claps for a large choral group.
221 a man in a suit puts a ring on the hand of a woman wearing a bridal gown as a grey haired cleric watches
221 Man places ring on finger of woman who wears a wedding gown, as another man wearing priestly robe stands in front of them and observes
221 A bride and a groom exchange rings during a wedding ceremony in a room.
221 White groom slip the ring on the finger of the white bride standing next to a clergyman and a little girl watching.
221 Groom with blue tie puts ring on bride's finger as priest looks on.
222 Man wearing goggles and hard hat sits in sling seat supported by multi-wire ropes as he is moved rapidly high above hills and flat land on sunny day.
222 a man in an orange windbreaker is suspended high above a desert in a harness that sways back and forth while a camera on a rod attached to the seat he is in films
222 A man flies through the sky sitting in a parachute on a sunny day.
222 An adult white man with sunglasses red top and black pants gloves and helmet is sitting on the harness of the parachute as he glides in the air over the green earth during the day.
222 White middle aged person in red jacket sits on a paraglider in bright sunlight
223 A man in a plaid shirt balls up a shocking-pink garment and puts it into a transparent plastic bag also holding red high-heeled shoes.
223 A man places a woman's articles of clothing in a plastic bag and rests his hand on top of it.
223 A man takes a purple rag and puts it in a plastic bag.
223 A seated man in a plaid shirt folds a pink cloth and puts it in a plastic bag.
223 A dark skin man with an orange shirt and black jeans places something pink into a clear plastic bag with other articles of clothing.
224 Two men dressed in black paddleboard in a stream along a rocky cliff on a sunny day.
224 Two paddlers standing in small boats proceed down a small river.
224 2 Paddle boaters go through some rushing water with wooded vegetation on the banks.
224 A man in skin-tight dark clothes and a helmet stands on a shallow boat or kayak and steers it around a boulder in the riverbed of a wooded setting.
224 A man is standing on a surf board paddling down a stream of water outside on a sunny day.
225 A man lifts a tall, heavy panel and moves it to another place in a workspace full of assorted machines, overhead storage and a cane chair.
225 A man lifts a heavy piece of sheet rock in a workshop.
225 An older man picks up a heavy slab in a room and carries it away.
225 A man in an interior shop picks up a large rectangular item that looks like a table top.
225 A man dressed in denim lifts a 400 pound plate of frosted glass and carries it out of a workshop.
226 A male rides a bike over leaves to a house and gets off of the bike.
226 A person rides on a bicycle toward a suburban home and leaves the bike on the leaf-strewn lawn as he continues toward the house.
226 As a man rides a bicycle into a yard he get off while it is still moving outside on a sunny day.
226 A young man in a gray sleeveless shirt and black pants rides a small bike into a yard and gets off near the house.
226 A man in a blue tee shirt rides a bicycle into a yard, dismounts, and drops the bicycle to the ground.
227 A group of people are dressed in old clothes for a reenactment gathering outside on a sunny day.
227 Men in 17th century dress including guns and a drum create a parade as spectators look on.
227 People in historical clothing stand in a group as 1 man raises his hand to the group.
227 Onlookers watch a group of men dressed in colonial costumes and carrying muskets perform in a public area outdoors.
227 A group of men dressed in colonial attire, some with muskets and some with flags, prepare to march.
228 Middle aged man, partially bald sitting on a couch indoors in artificial lightening speaks in a foreign language.
228 older man sitting on a brown sofa in front of a yellow wall saying a few words
228 The head of a bald man sitting on a brown couch in front of a green wall says a few words in German.
228 Face of white older man, balding, sitting on dark seat against yellow wall, talks.
228 An older man is sitting on a brown sofa in front of a yellow sofa speaking into the camera.
229 In studio with tables and mike, sitting man plays guitar as sitting African woman holds mike and moves rhythmically.
229 a man plays an electric guitar as two women holding mikes sit nearby and sway to the music
229 A woman in a blue shirt moves to the music while she holds a microphone in her hand as the man next to her plays the guitar.
229 Man plays guitar as singer and another woman sway .
229 Young black woman with microphone in her hand, in blue outfits sways next to a young man playing the guitar and another woman observing them in a dark room during the day.
230 2 people struggle in a physical altercation when one accesses a knife on the ground and stabs the other.
230 In a jungle setting a red-haired woman in army camouflage has her legs over the chest of a man in camouflage and finally sits up and brings a knife to his throat.
230 Two people dressed in uniforms are on the ground fighting and the woman sits up with a sharp object in her hand and puts it to the other persons chest.
230 A woman and man both dressed in green camo with military gear struggle on the ground as the woman picks up a knife and stabs the man.
230 A woman wrestling with a man on the ground pulls a knife from his belt and stabs him.
231 A white pick-up truck rides down a road with trees on both sides during the daytime.
231 White pickup truck goes up gloomy dirt road between trees with ad copy on screen.
231 a white pickup truck goes down a road in a forest as the image changes to show a brush pile behind the truck
231 A white pick up truck drives by in the woods by the river at night with the NORCO Performance Bikes logo at center screen.
231 White pickup truck passing on a road in a forest next to a river during a cloudy, dark day.
232 Young man playing pinball as another looks on in an arcade.
232 In a large room indoors filled with games a white young man is working a gaming machine while another white man observes him.
232 Large room and man stands intently playing slanted machine with song identifying a name saying ranked 10th.
232 am man in a blue shirt plays pinball in an arcade as a long-haired man in a black t--shirt watches
232 A man in a gray shirt plays on a pinball machine inside a room with other game machines.
233 Cars drive by slowly as four school girls stand on a street corner next to two black clad men with a woman sitting on a bench.
233 A string of cars are driving by as a group of Asian people gather and pass at the sidewalk at the intersection in daylight.
233 Cars move slowly down city street as several people stand on sidewalk at corner of large building.
233 a long line of cars passes toward an intersection as people walk along the sidewalks.
233 Young girls dress in school uniforms stand on a corner talking as traffic and people go by them outside in the daytime.
234 White woman with blonde hair holds a black glove in front of rows of gloves on shelves inside a glove store.
234 A blonde white young woman in a black top advertising FIVE S sports gloves presents a pair of black sports gloves with a big display of gloves behind her.
234 a blonde woman in a black t-shirt and heavy black athletic gloves stands in front of store shelves lined with other gloves styles
234 Blond woman stands behind counter and in front of shelves of sport gloves and mitts.
234 A blonde woman talks into the camera standing in front of a wall of hockey gloves.
235 Two black haired men near a large video camera address four long haired women, two black and two white, wearing dresses, in a dark restaurant.
235 A man in a black tee shirt gestures toward several women and speaks to a bearded man with video equipment in possibly a club or bar.
235 2 men speak to a group of women in dresses inside a dark restaurant.
235 Four young women with long hair in dresses wait in a line, each next to a chair, as a man gives directions to a cameraman in a dimly lighted bar.
235 A group of women are standing in front of chairs listening as a man speaks to them inside a room.
236 Woman in bridal gown, holding bouquet, gives slapping hand salute to woman wearing long red dress, as they stand outside in front of buildings with stone encircled curved door frames.
236 a woman in a bridal gown holding flowers high fives a woman in an orange dress who turns and bumps into a woman in a purple dress
236 A woman in a long red dress fixes a brides dress standing in front of a stone gate outside on a sunny day.
236 Bride high fives friend by car.
236 Young white bride is standing next to a car as 2 young white women assist her and another older one looks on in front of small building ay daylight.
237 Asian young woman in a white dress dances with young Asian man in a white hat in a large tent during daylight being observed by a young man wearing a vest.
237 Man with a fedora hat dancing with a woman wearing an evening gown.
237 a woman in a bridal gown and a man in black pant, white shirt, and straw hat dance in a wide, dimly lit hallway
237 A sunny day outside large partially enclosed room as man wearing white hat and woman with long dark hair wearing tiara and white frilly dress hold each other before releasing each other and dancing while holding up arms and hands.
237 A married couple dance inside of a tent.
238 A man in a black hat launches a drone outside on the street while a man with a flaming torch watches.
238 At a medieval street fair, three magicians dressed in red and black, one holding a torch, launch a white drone from a red board stuck with three hatchets.
238 A man in a red-shirt and black cowboy hat watches a white drone propel itself up on a stage while another similarly dressed man holding a torch looks on.
238 Men in costume with a knife throwing board and torch perform for a group of spectators in a town square.
238 Three men dressed in costumes watch as a drone flies around outside on a stage
239 People on a hilly road are riding up and down on bicycles on a sunny day.
239 Biker wearing red shirt bikes down curving road over a bridge with grassy hills and slopes on both sides, with few bikers coming from the opposite direction.
239 a bicyclist in an orange shirt slowly goes up an alpine hill as two others coast downhill
239 Bicycle rider with red shirt and white helmet pedals hard uphill as two other riders come down hill fast one wearing a white helmet the other black on a mountain road above a stone bridge on a sunny day in the mountains.
239 Man with red jacket and helmet bicycles up a mountain, meeting other cyclists coming downhill in the sunshine.
240 A young man in a dark sedan drives up a steep suburban street, looks out the driver's window and laughs, and then pulls away.
240 A man slowly rides uphill in his car on a residential street and laughs.
240 A smiling man wearing sunglasses pulls up in a blue car and slows down then pulls up.
240 A man wearing sunglasses looks out the window of a blue car he is driving on a suburban street.
240 A young man in sunglasses driving a blue car In a hilly neighborhood slows down, stops, then smiles through his open window .
241 A pan shot of a table full of foods and drinks.
241 Chinese food remnants on different size plates, bottles and glasses with straws on a table inside a dark room.
241 Assorted dishes and tankards on table show food and drink , much missing.
241 the camera pans along a banquet table full of leftover foods
241 A table of food with plates and chop sticks is being videotaped.
242 Man in sorts and long sleeve top with backpack on, slowly climbs steep path on rocky mount next to water.
242 a man in black shorts and a padded blue jacket climbs a rocky cliff over a calm ocean
242 A man in blue struggles to get around a mountain on a sunny day
242 Young white man with sunglasses purple sports suit and a blue backpack is climbing a gray rock on a cliff by the ocean during the day.
242 Young man with a backpack is climbing steep rocks near the waters on a cloudy day.
243 behind a fancy china teacup, a woman in a black dress walk through a fog toward the camera
243 A cup filled with brown liquid sits steaming in saucer as woman with long hair walks into view from rear.
243 A young women in glasses walks towards a hot cup filled with something on a table.
243 A fine china tea cup with a saucer on a table, as a young white woman with long brown hair approaches to look at it.
243 A coffee cup fades into an image of a woman walking towards it.
244 People indoors and man and woman face each other talking, as lighted panels are on wall with overlay saying Touch.
244 A man and woman talk to each other in front of a wall with neatly arranged images of fire
244 A woman is talking to a man in front of art on a wall.
244 woman explains to crowd how to operate a screen
244 A white adult woman and a white adult man converse in front of art works in a gallery setting inside an exhibit hall while other onlookers pass by.
245 A person in the middle of the street juggles as people watch on a closed off street on a sunny day.
245 A variety of people stand or sit on the curb of a street at a crossing place as a juggler juggles different balls with strings, and then the audience claps.
245 A juggler performs at a street fair.
245 Onlookers watch as a juggler performs in the middle of a street.
245 A man dressed in black juggles red balls on strings at a street festival in a neighborhood with green mountains in the background.
246 A veiled woman is indoors pouring tea from a pot into cups on a tray held by a young man in a white cap.
246 A woman is pouring multiple cups of tea on a tray held by a man among a group of people, one of whom wearing a blood pressure cuff.
246 Near a window, a woman with a patterned head-covering pours from a thermos pot into tea cups on a tray held by a man while others sit.
246 A woman pours a beverage into cups on a tray held by a man as a woman sits to the left wearing a blood pressure cuff and another woman carries a plate of cookies.
246 A man is holding a tray of tea cups while a woman pours tea into each cup in a room filled with other people.
247 Woman in long gown has arm through that of large bearded man as they walk on lawn leaving area of white house.
247 a bald man with a dark beard wearing a white shirt and grey pants holds the arm of a blonde woman in a red dress as they walk across a grassy yard then the scene shifts to another man in white shirt and grey slacks walking with a woman in a dark red dress in the back yard of a house as the other couple stands in the background
247 A man in a white shirt walks a bridesmaid down to the grass to the alter outside on a sunny day.
247 Couples walking down the aisle in front of a house.
247 Heavy set white man with beard and woman walking down a path in front of a house while 32 other white couples are walking behind them in daytime.
248 Three men and a child stand by three vehicles stopped along a highway as a man in a black ski jacket waves to an approaching car for help.
248 A group of people, one using a cell phone, stands next to a car stopped on a paved road.
248 People make calls after a car accident along a rural road.
248 A man on a two-lane road stands near several cars stopped in the right lane and signals an oncoming car to come around, while a man in jeans and black sweater talks on a cell phone.
248 A group of people are standing near their cars in the middle of a road on a cloudy day.
249 What is left of a green building that is next to another white structure following a hurricane.
249 Frayed strings and branches protrude from beams on top and side of building and other damage appears on other beams.
249 the camera look a reinforcing wire and broken concrete walls and floors in a partly destroyed building
249 green destroyed building with steel rods protruding against a very dark and cloudy sky
249 Remnants of a building with wires sticking out under a sunny sky.
250 motorcycle racer goes through pit station.
250 Person driving a motorcycle on a highway while other motorcycles pass him on a sunny day.
250 Follow back of head of person driving motor bike, passed by others, on road toward raised overhead structure on sunny day.
250 a camera mounted behind a motorcyclist watches as the bike is passed by other cyclists
250 A man in a black jacket with a red strip is riding a motorcycle out on a track with others on a sunny day.
251 Three people, a man and two women, sit in chairs on cement slap in outdoor daytime setting with trees in back and one woman, wearing white jacket, talks to the others as scene changes to many pedestrians walking outside on sidewalk.
251 in a sculpture garden, a woman in black slacks and white top speaks to two others then the scene changes to a busy downtown sidewalk
251 A woman in a white blouse sits with two other people talking in the middle of a sidewalk then a group of people are walking on a crowded street.
251 Two women and a man sitting in the middle of a path in a park then crowds walk on a street.
251 Two white women and a white man are seated on lawn chairs outside in daylight in a garden surrounded by trees, followed by a street scene with people of different races passing by.
252 A dressed up man and woman stand together with their faces touching.
252 An Indian couple look at each other, the man with wire-rimmed glasses, and the woman turns to show a jeweled pendant hanging from her hairline in the middle.
252 A man is kissing an Indian woman as she looks into the camera.
252 An Indian man with glasses in a white shirt noses the face of an Indian woman wearing a gold medallion with white stones on her forehead.
252 A man in glasses talks to a bejeweled woman.
253 A video of the same shirt in different colors behind a glass window.
253 The camera pans across a window display with headless mannequins wearing brightly colored long-sleeved women's pullovers in front of a store in the dark.
253 The camera pans a shop window display of colorful women's 2 piece long sleeved clothing sets in knit fabrics.
253 Colorful women's clothing is displayed on mannequins.
253 Headless mannequins are on display in a window, each wearing a different color monotone skirt and top.
254 On gray day with some evergreens and some bare branched trees, a blonde woman in black pants and gray top backs up and embraces a man carrying a skateboard who had been walking up the road.
254 a woman see a skateboarder coming from behind her and turns and embraces him as another skateboarder come up behind them
254 A man with a skate board in his hand is walking next to a woman and grabs her and they hug each other on a cloudy day.
254 Woman hugs a man holding a skateboard on the road.
254 A white young woman meets up and hugs a young white man carrying a skateboard on a road lined with trees in daylight.
255 A man in shorts and a woman in a wheel chair are on an outdoor field accompanied by two large dogs.
255 One yellow lab wagging his tail scoots under a woman's wheelchair as another, also wagging his tail approaches a man standing in black shorts
255 A woman and blue jeans and blue top sits in a wheelchair as a big dog burrows between her legs and then plops down as another woman and another dog watch.
255 2 dogs interact with a person in a wheelchair outdoors.
255 Two dogs come and one climbs under a chair where a woman is sitting outside by a fence.
256 Three men play guitars, (two of whom bow rhythmically while the third with a beard sings into a mike) and another one plays drums
256 Man from back holding instrument repeatedly bends over instrument As another bearded man strums instrument at mike.
256 A man in a plaid shirt rocks back and forth to music as he plays the guitar on a stage with others.
256 People performing on a stage singing and swaying on a dark night.
256 A heavy metal band is playing and swaying and rocking to the music on a stage lit with red lights. stage
257 A bride and groom walk down an aisle of well-wishers outside as a flower girl and boy precede them.
257 A man and woman and a little boy and girl walk towards the camera at an outdoor celebration while the little boy wiggles an athletic shoe that he is holding.
257 A newly married couple walks down the aisle with a boy and girl in the wedding party outside on a sunny day.
257 A man and woman dressed as bride and groom hold hands as they walk with two children away from a wedding party.
257 A ring bearer and flower girl happily lead a bride and groom down the aisle at an outdoor wedding.
258 A model sits as a stylist works with combing out her hair and a cosmetician applies makeup to her neck and face in a room full of models and minions.
258 A young woman has her makeup applied by a makeup artist and hair styled by a hair stylist.
258 A woman is having her hair and makeup done by two different people in a room with other people.
258 A woman is applying makeup to another woman in front of a mirror.
258 A makeup artist in a hair stylist groom a model with Brown hair in a dressing area.
259 A group of boys are sitting on the floor with adults behind them laughing in a room.
259 Indoors, children sit on floor in front while some adults sit on chairs behind them, all looking towards front, most children smiling.
259 squirming, smiling children sit on the floor with adults seated behind them watching some kind of performance
259 Kids and adults sitting in a circle with a bowl of food and a spoon in front of them.
259 A group of children and adult of mixed races are sitting in a classroom watching a performance.
260 A skier dressed in black jumps over a hill marked by two red flags and lands on the slope with other skiers waiting down slope by the three red flags.
260 Ski jumpers jumps over a big heap of snow marked with two red flags on a snowy mountain at daytime in sunshine.
260 Snow skier goes up slope between two red flags, into the air, and lands and continues.
260 a snow skier goes over a ramp, lands his jump, and skies toward some other skiers
260 A skier jumps over a hill on a snowy mountain in the daytime on a sunny day.
261 Two men are mopping down a wooden jumping structure on a bridge while a third man passes by on a cloudy day.
261 Men cleaning ramps in skate board park.
261 workmen mop two low yellow ramps in a plaza then a man is riding a skateboard
261 Outdoors on a wide walk way, bounded by a rail and overlooking water, two men mop wooden ramps.
261 To people in matching blue outfits mop down yellow skateboard platforms outside.
262 A woman in a white dress is playing a piano in a candlelit room, and she then jumps up and crosses the room.
262 A woman with long hair in a ruffled dress playing a candle lit piano jumps up and runs to the window when she hears an odd noise.
262 A young woman sits playing the piano in a darkened room with lighted candles until she hears a loud noise and rushes to the curtains.
262 A young woman plays piano by candlelight before running to a window.
262 A young girl is playing a piano in a room with a picture on the wall.
263 Snowy outdoor scene where man mounted on snowboard leaps up to top rail of wood fence.
263 a man on a snowboard comes toward the camera and jumps onto the top log of a rail fence, balances for a moment, and dismounts going away from the camera
263 A man on a snowboard jumps up on a railing and back down onto the snow.
263 Snow Boarder jumps on a fence then jumps down to the snow
263 One man jumps on a fence in a snow next to trees, and jumps back at nighttime.
264 3 people are in a park during snowfall and 1 looks at their phone as they lean on a boulder.
264 One man sits in a winter jacket on a huge boulder in a field of snow in a woods as another man in a dark warm outfit walks towards him.
264 A woman is leaning on a large boulder on her cellphone while two other people are standing near her outside on a snowy day.
264 Three men wearing black winter jackets and caps stand in the snow, one leaning on a rock looking at his phone, and another with a black shoulder bag.
264 A man wearing glasses and a heavy jacket sits on a rock and looks at a cellphone in a snowy outdoor area.
265 A young woman with blonde hair wearing a white and black print T shirt gestures with one hand as she walks through a parking lot
265 A blond woman holds up a single finger as she walks through a parking lot.
265 A slouching blonde haired woman walks through a parking lot talking to the person off camera on a sunny day.
265 A young woman with long straight hair walks in a parking lot and holds up a V-sign with her fingers as she is photographed.
265 A young blond woman is walking past some cars on a sunny day.
266 A group of people are walking and carrying signs protesting in the street on a sunny day.
266 Crowds of people, wearing coats and many holding red signs and flags, gather in large outdoor area with barren trees standing in several areas.
266 demonstrators carrying signs march down a street among leafless trees and a grey sky
266 Demonstrators carrying flags and banners and signs gather in the park.
266 Large group of people parading , carrying flags and banners in wintertime outdoors.
267 In a rudimentary medical facility, a middle aged man with a white Medicins Sans Frontieres vest uses a stethoscope to examine a young boy as a young woman, also with a white vest, looks down at something in the foreground and two men watch in the background, all of them, of South Asian descent.
267 A man with glasses and wearing a white vest that says 'Medecins Sans Frontieres' uses a stethoscope to examine a young boy while two other men and a woman watch.
267 A boy is examined by a staff member in a clinic as 2 men from his family look on.
267 A man with some grey hair in a white-sleeveless identifying shirt bends over towards someone seated in a health clinic setting inside in daylight.
267 A doctor is examining patients in a room with other people.
268 Two women that look identical are in a crowd holding wine glasses and talking.
268 Against crowded scene, two women sit one holding aloft a filled glass.
268 women pass out drinks as a crowded party
268 A woman look away as another woman raises a wine glass while the party guests are singing.
268 Hispanic group of young people celebrating, raising glasses and singing at night time
269 Dark-haired man with orange jacket criss-crossed with black straps two crutches takes spasmodic steps sidewalk in front of building.
269 a man on crutches with a head mike and wearing a bright orange shirt and grey slacks walks with great difficulty and a very confused look
269 A man with crutches in an orange shirt dances outside on a sunny day.
269 Man performs on crutches.
269 Young white man in orange shirt on crutches is dancing in a room next to the windows overlooking the street.
270 a boy with a deformed face wearing a blue and orange t-shirt pulls on some sting attached to a piece of wood
270 Young boy with white bandage apparatus around neck and pugnacious mouth sits and pulls on string attached to blue clamp on his right forefinger.
270 A handicapped boy is playing with something in his hands with a string in a room with others.
270 Hispanic child with handicap is twirling a string around his fingers next to suitcases outdoors on a sunny day.
270 A brown skinned black haired disabled child with a blue sweatshirt and a red bib sits at the table with a brown skinned green shirt woman looking on.
271 A man in a green kayak goes down a waterfall outside on a cloudy day.
271 A man in a green kayak successfully navigates his vessel over a waterfall.
271 A man in a blue helmet alone in a green kayak paddles down a rock-strewn stream and over a series of short waterfalls.
271 A man wearing a red jacket and blue helmet in a green kayak rushes over a rocky waterfall Into the white water below.
271 A helmeted man paddles a green kayak down rapids.
272 A groom puts a wedding band on his brides finger in a room.
272 A man in a grey suit puts a ring on the ring finger of a woman in a white dress
272 Man holds woman's hand and places ring on the third finger of her left hand.
272 Brown skinned man places ring on the finger of woman in a wedding dress indoors.
272 Groom putting ring on bride's finger.
273 A woman in a white sweater is taking a picture with a large camera outside on a sunny day.
273 A woman adjusts the camera she is using to take a picture outdoors in a leafy area.
273 A woman with brown streaks in shoulder length dark hair focuses a large, expensive camera on something in a wooded setting.
273 In a sunny, lightly wooded area, a brown haired woman with sunglasses on her head and wearing a loosely knit sweater is taking photographs with a large camera.
273 A female photographer wearing a white sweater aims her camera at an outdoor subject.
274 A man in a white shirt sits at a table with a yellow typewriter talking to another man.
274 A young man listens intently with hands folded, to an older man, in a work space that has a flat screen TV behind them, and a bright yellow typewriter on the table where they sit together.
274 An older balding man sits at a table talking to a younger, dark-haired man at a table with a yellow typewriter and in front of a monitor with a blank blue screen
274 Two men talk at a table behind a yellow typewriter and in front of a flat screen TV showing images.
274 A man in glasses seated at a table in front of a video monitor speaks with another seated man.
275 Men being chased by bulls are running around in a stadium outside.
275 men run with black and white bulls along a dirt street among a crowd of onlookers on bleachers
275 On sunny day, men scatter and run as two bulls charge down the dirt road as hundreds of spectators in stands and standing, view the scene.
275 People are running with 2 bulls watched by a huge crown out on a wide street on a sunny day.
275 Bulls run down the street as people harass them.
276 Two men are on the ground firing rifles.
276 2 young soldiers hide in the brush with their rifles ready.
276 Two southeast Asian men shoot at an enemy as they lie on a hillside using rifles that need to be primed again after each shot.
276 Two men in military uniforms lying in vegetation shoot their rifles.
276 Two men fire rifles from a prone position.
277 A man in an orange tee shirt is standing at a podium talking to someone in front of him.
277 on a stage in front of a wood paneled wall, a bearded young man in an orange t-shirt stands near a podium with a microphone on it and talks and gestures
277 Bearded man wearing orange shirt and glasses and small neck phone talks while looking down at unseen surface while inside standing against backdrop of wall with wooden slats at top over dark brown bottom tacking to white pillar.
277 Young white man with brown beard and mustache, wearing an orange T shirt and glasses, looks down at the podium stands and talks during daylight indoors.
277 Bearded young man wearing an orange shirt speaking to a microphone and gesticulating.
278 Two men dressed in suits are looking over their shoulders as they walk into a room.
278 2 men in suits enter a room off of a hallway checking that nobody sees them as they enter that room.
278 Two men in coats and ties look around as they leave one big room and go into another.
278 Two young men in suits look behind them as they enter a room off a hallway.
278 Two men in suits enter an office.
279 A blonde woman reaches for a salad out of a refrigerator inside a kitchen.
279 a white-haired woman in a black top opens a refrigerator and takes two things out
279 Blond woman in sleeveless dress opens refrigerator door and reaches in.
279 White woman with white hair lifts an item out of the refrigerator indoors during daylight.
279 Woman pulls food out of the refrigerator.
280 A person dressed in an Astronaut costume is dancing with a blonde woman wearing sun glasses outside.
280 a person in a space suit dances with a woman
280 Person in full spacesuit with mirrored helmet with a NASA emblem on front, dances with a woman in outdoor courtyard.
280 White woman dancing outdoors next to a bridge over waters with people walking on the bridge during daylight
280 person with space suit points at his helmet as woman dances near him.
281 A group of young girls attending a birthday party are playing musical chairs until the music stops and they try and grab a seat.
281 A group of girls plays a party game in which they circle a table as music plays and then all sit on a chair when the music stops.
281 Teenage girls in party dresses walk around chairs set up back-to-back and they all try to sit in one of the chairs when the music playing stops.
281 A group of children playing musical chairs rush to sit down when the music stops.
281 A group of children indoors is playing musical chairs.
282 Two men and one woman walk under a large fallen tree in the woods on a sunny day.
282 3 hikers have to get into 'limbo' position to pass under a fallen tree on their path.
282 Three hikers on a jungle trail see a huge tree trunk across the trail and one after another they manage to get under the trunk and continue on their way.
282 Two Asian men and an Asian woman wearing a lei do the limbo under a tree trunk on a path In the woods.
282 Hikers on a trail in the forest go under a fallen tree.
283 Six people sit and stand around a table working on a project inside a room.
283 a group of people sit around a large table doing some kind of artwork
283 Four Asian women sit at table cluttered with materials as they focus on constructing things as another standing woman points something out to one woman.
283 Group of Asian young people are working around a table doing art projects in a bare room next to a ladder indoors during daylight.
283 Students around table in art class.
284 A woman in a gray sweater is sitting in a large black leather chair speaking into the camera in a room.
284 A dark haired woman pulls up her sweater sleeves as she sits on a couch speaking to the camera.
284 A woman in a grey knit sweater and long black hair sits in a living room on a black loveseat in front of an antique popcorn popper and talks on a bright day.
284 A young woman sitting in a large black leather chair with a popcorn machine in the background shares that she was angry at God.
284 A woman with long dark hair who is wearing a grey sweater is sitting on a couch in an interior room as she speaks and gestures.
285 A bunch of ducks follows the mother duck in a pin on a sunny day.
285 a mature duck with several ducklings walk down a wooden ramp into a fenced yard
285 Red headed duck goes down ramp into sunlight followed by her goslings.
285 Chicken and little chicks are hurrying along in a group in a chicken coop outdoors on a sunny day.
285 A mother duck leads her ducklings out of the coop during the day.to the call of the caretaker.
286 A man in a gray shirt is standing next to another man talking and when he is done they look at each other and give each other five.
286 a man in a denim shirt talks to the camera then he and a man in a dark blue shirt do a high five
286 Younger man with curly hair talks, and older man wearing glasses gives him a high five shake as they stand against a brick wall.
286 Two white young men, one with a beard, mustache and a black earring, the other with short blond hair, are standing next to each other and high fiving inside next to a brick wall
286 Two men look at camera one speaks and they high five
287 A man in a black shirt dips a young woman backwards into water in a baptismal ceremony.
287 a man in a black shirt leans a woman in a maroon t-shirt over backwards into a trough of water and lifts her back up
287 Man in black lowers woman into tank of water then raises her, drenched, as both smile.
287 White man dunks a white young woman facing backwards in the water during night time, as they both smile.
287 A young white priest wearing black is baptizing a young white woman with blonde hair in a pony tail wearing black.
288 A person pulls colored crayons out of a box and looks at it.
288 A person opens a box of pastels that were in an embroidered tote bag and takes out a blue pastel.
288 A woman kneels as she takes colored sticks out of a case in front of drawings on the ground
288 An artist with black hair crouched down in front of a print bag examines a box of pastels near three drawings, one of an ant.
288 A person in an interior room opens a box and takes an object from it.
289 Two snakes engage with each other on the side of a wooden wall outside.
289 two black and white snake move slowly on a wooden floor
289 Three snakes, one white, slither on wooden structure with rail.
289 Two snakes, one white, the other with a pattern are getting acquainted on a wooden surface
289 A white snake is looking at a black snake on a wooden structure.
290 A man and a woman are standing in a room in their bathing suits and they rub their stomachs then run out.
290 A male and female standing front of a couch indoors wearing their bathing suits, look down at their bellies, and leave the camera shot.
290 A blonde woman with long straight hair in a bathing suit stands next to a bearded man in swim shorts in front of a red sofa and then she heads out and he follows.
290 A young woman in a swimsuit and a bearded man in swim trunks snap their fingers and rub their stomachs simultaneously before exiting the room.
290 A woman wearing a one piece bathing suit and a bearded man wearing a bathing suit are standing together in a room with a couch when the woman turns and leaves to room quickly followed by the man.
291 A young man in a red shirt sings with an American flag behind him.
291 A man with a goatee dressed in a red polo shirt, red cap, and big, gold medallion, dances and raps in a space with a dark blue wall and the U.S. flag on the wall.
291 A black man in a red shirt and baseball cap with a large gold pendant sings in a darkened setting with an American flag spotlighted against the back wall.
291 A black hip hop artist dressed in red with a large gold medallion performs in front of a black wall and a spotlighted American flag.
291 Black man in a red cap performs in front of an American flag in an indoor venue.
292 A shirtless man speaks into the camera as others sit behind him.
292 a shirtless, balding, graying elderly man talks to the camera
292 Head and shoulders of elderly balding man as he talks and shakes head.
292 Older white man is talking as two brown skinned man are seated behind him
292 A shirtless older man with receding hair speaks to the camera with two middle eastern looking men behind him wearing a blue and a white shirt.
293 A group of people are dancing outside on a sunny day.
293 A group pf people dance together outside and some carry banners.
293 A group of men and women congregate in a city plaza with a green flag and dance to music.
293 A crowd of young people dressed in summer clothing, one carrying a green flag, dance together in the street
293 A group of people are gesturing and doing dance steps on a city street in daylight.
294 A man in a hat moves a group of pigeons along on the rooftop of a building on a sunny day.
294 a man tries to chase a flock of pigeons off a flat roof near a building whose wall is falling apart
294 Hatted man wearing open jacket walks on snowy flat roof waving hand to move flock of pigeons fluttering in front of him.
294 White man in a winter coat shooing away white birds on a roof top in winter in cloudy skies.
294 A white man wearing a fedora on an icy roof in the winter is walking whistling and motioning with his hand to a flock of white pigeons to gather as smoke lifts from the chimneys of the houses next door.
295 Two kids join others at the shoreline where waves are coming in and use a bucket to scoop up some of the water.
295 People ay in the water on a beach in front of a number of boats
295 Two children wade into low wavelets coming onto beach and one lowers bucket into water.
295 Group of little children wading in the sea while some play with buckets during sunset on the beach.
295 Two kids with a sand bucket play on the beach as other beach goers are in the water, and small boats are nearby.
296 A woman with a blue scarf looks at a book she took from a table of books in a room.
296 a person in a black turtleneck and grey jacket talks excitedly to the person next to him about a picture in a magazine
296 Woman wearing coat and scarf securely around her neck, stands leafing through a magazine she holds in her hands in room with open venetian blinds and clothes hanging in rear rack.
296 White woman looking at a magazine in a store next to hanging clothing and next to a window during day light
296 woman looks through magazine then talks to another person in a book store.
297 Someone looks outside on a rainy day as the water runs down the window.
297 looking through a window at a window of an adjacent residence, we see a figure in white walk away from the window and rain starts to hit the window we are looking through
297 View from one window as rain falls spattering window into bay window across the way.
297 A figure is passing by a window as we look from the outside through a glass window covered by water drops.
297 A white clad woman walks away from window as the rain drops fall.
298 A woman in black clothes pushes a large snow ball across grass outside on a sunny day.
298 A young man in winter outer wear pushes a large snowball outside on a day when there is lots of snow on the ground and as he passes through the shot you see a multi colored snow board on its side.
298 A woman dressed warmly in black with a black pull-on cap rolls a ball of snow to pick up more snow in a snow-covered field with trees and a bar on the ground of many colors.
298 A white teenager dressed in black rolls a big snowball past a multicolor striped snowboard planted horizontally in the snow
298 A woman outdoors wearing all black is rolling a large snow ball through the snow.
299 A woman is holding a microphone talking with a man in a blue shirt holding a dog outside on a bench on a sunny day.
299 a young blonde woman in a pink top holds a mike while she interviews a man in a baseball hat and blue shirt holding a dog in his lap
299 Man in blue shirt and black hat sits holding dog as woman with long blond hair holds mike to him and laughs as he smiles as text at bottom of screen says Lassie.
299 White young blonde woman sits on a bench next to an Asian young man who holds a dog, while she holds out a microphone to him in a park in sunlight during the day
299 Man holding dog in arms talk to female reporter.
300 A man wetting a rag then squeezes in out in a sink in a room.
300 a man rinses a blue and green cloth under the tap of a sink
300 Man's hands wash garment under running water in sink where teaspoon is perched on the back.
300 White man's hands are washing a piece pf cloth under running water coming from a faucet over a sink indoors.
300 Two hands squeezing a wet cloth in sink.
301 An Asian man is speaking to an Asian woman's as he holds her hands inside a room.
301 A young man holds the wrists of a young woman and speaks to her as she looks down while they stand in a room with a plant and pictures on the wall.
301 A tall Asian young man speaks to an Asian woman facing him in a living-room setting inside with a door open showing another door, closed, behind it.
301 A young Asian man gazes in a young Asian females eyes as he speaks to her and holds both of her hands.
301 A young Asian man is in an inside room holding the hands of an Asian woman with long dark hair.
302 A man and woman hug two young girls outside while standing in the middle of a line of band members on both sides of them.
302 A marching band is lined up along each side of a path of a quaint street as 2 little girls embrace a woman and a man pats the smaller girl on the back.
302 A man in a grey jacket with a rose leans down to hug a woman who is being hugged by two young girls in white dresses in the middle of a long driveway with singers on one side and a marching band on the other.
302 On a sidewalk lined with marching band members at dusk, 2 little girls in pink dresses holding a sign hug a woman and a man.
302 A man in a sport coat hugs three little girls on a paved walkway between two rows of marching band members.
303 A man dressed in a blue snow outfit walks across snow on a mountain area on a sunny day.
303 in another person's footsteps a man in a blue jacket slowly carries small pieces of gear across a mountain top
303 Man wearing blue helmet and jacket holds curled ropes in each hand and walks slowly following snow tracks atop mountain range.
303 Man in a blue jacket walks very slowly in heavy snow on a snow covered mountain on a sunny day.
303 White male hiker in blue snow coat black pants and blue helmet and holding two straps walking slowly on a snow mountain peak during the day.
304 A young man attempts to climb rocks outside on a sunny day.
304 A rock climber jumps up on a shallow rock face, holds on, ten drops down.
304 A bare-chested young man in an outdoor setting tries to climb a huge boulder by holding the edges of the boulder, but he fails.
304 A young man in swim trunks jumps up and clings to a large rock in the woods, falls off, tries again, and falls off again.
304 A shirtless man in black shorts attempts to climb a sheer rock face.
305 A young Asian man is writing something in a spiral notebook in a room.
305 A young man draws in a book at a restaurant.
305 A Chinese man writes or draws in a notebook, bent over the table with concentration with Asian drawings on the wall.
305 A young Asian man wearing a light gray shirt with dark blue sleeves and glasses sits at a desk and carefully draws in a spiral notebook.
305 A man wearing glasses is writing in a notebook on a table in an interior room.
306 A man is hand sanding a table in a room.
306 A person sands a table.
306 A dark-skinned man scrubs one side of a table with a white line dividing it, with a scrubbing cloth while the other rests on a paintbrush.
306 A man in a white T shirt and shorts puts one hand on a paint brush and sands the top of a gray table with the other.
306 A man in a white tee shirt has his hand on a paint brush and is sanding a surface on an indoor table.
307 A young man drives a dirt bike over a terrain outside on a sunny day.
307 A cyclist rides over dry grassy terrain and looks ready to ride off of a hill to land on the dry grass and continue riding.
307 A man with a bicycle helmet prepares to take his motorbike over an obstacle in the prepared outdoors track.
307 A male motor cross rider wearing a black jacket trimmed in green yellow and red approaches a small Thibault jump.
307 A bicyclist wearing a helmet rides up a hill toward a sign next to the ground that says 'Thibault.'
308 A man in a white baseball cap holds a fishing net and when catches a large fish when at it swims by outside on a sunny day.
308 a man wearing a white baseball cap and black long-sleeved t-shirt stands in water and leans over to net a large fish
308 During daytime man wearing white hat and black shirt reaches into stream with net and catches something,
308 Man with white cap standing in a river holding a fishing net, trying to catch a fish.
308 Man wearing white baseball cap nets a fish in the water.
309 A man in a white sweater holds a cup and takes a sip from the straw on a cloudy day.
309 A sweater wearing man with a bottle tucked in his arm sips a drink made from a fruit with a straw in it with a lake and bushes behind him. as he stands in front of a lake in the woods.
309 A dark-haired bearded man with glasses sips from a straw in front of a canal or river in front of a field with some trees in back on a cloudy day.
309 Standing in front of a pond in a sandy area, a dark haired bearded man wearing glasses and a white turtleneck takes a sip from a cup with a straw.
309 A bearded man in a white sweater drinks from a straw next to the water outdoors.
310 A young man on a blue surf board rides the waves in the ocean on a sunny day.
310 a woman lies over her surfboard as a gentle wave washes her ashore
310 Boy rides at edge of surfboard as surf comes in.
310 Young tanned woman in a green shirt holds on to a blue surfboard in the ocean on a cloudy day.
310 Young white woman with black hair , black watch and a green surfing top surfs against the waves on her blue board during the in the ocean.
311 A large orchestra performs in a room with large windows.
311 Young musicians get ready to perform inside a building that looks historical.
311 A large group orchestra, including a person in a wheelchair, play in a church brightly lighted with clear windows.
311 A handicapped youth orchestra practices in a sunlit sanctuary of a large church.
311 Members of an orchestra play in an indoor venue.
312 A man stacks rolls of toilet paper in a dark room with lights on behind him.
312 a man seated in front of a stage with musical instruments on it struggle with rolls of toilet paper
312 Man hovers over table with several rolls of toilet paper rapidly going through them below a stage in back.
312 A person is playing with tolls of toilet paper under and illuminated a stage.
312 White young man sitting without pants on a chair, on some stage ,selecting which toilet paper roll to use and picks one eventually as another person is sitting behind him
313 A scuba diver swims around in the ocean.
313 The view underwater is seen including grasses, coral, and the fins of another diver.
313 Underwater a swimmer wearing fins swims away from a rock formation toward the exit.
313 A scuba diver with bare legs swims along seagrass and then shines a flashlight into an underwater cave
313 A swimmer wearing black fins swims underwater.
314 Someone transfers stew from a cast iron pan to a bowl on a table next to silverware.
314 a hand ladles stew from a pan into a bucket
314 On kitchen counter, man's hands spoon vegetables and liquid from one pan to another over meat.
314 Man's hands are transferring sauce to another saucepan filled with stew inside a kitchen.
314 chef spooning food from one skillet to another in the kitchen.
315 A large bird sits on a tree branch looking around.
315 a bird with a sharply hooked bill sits at the top of a tree surveying the area
315 Hawk moves head as it stands on sticks against gray sky.
315 Big bird sits on a dry branch and turns its head against a grey sky outdoors
315 A bird of prey with white feathered chest and dark brown body sits on a branch against the darkening sky and turns its head in the wind showing his crown feathers.
316 A Ballerina in first position stands up on her toes in toe shoes inside a room.
316 A ballet dancer stands en pointe in their pink toe shoes.
316 A ballet dancer starts in a rest pose, but as music starts she rises to stand on her toes in front of a setting of pink walls and grey shutters.
316 A group of young women under a pink spotlight surround a young man with distinctive speckled glasses, a black side turned cap, and a blue shirt.
316 A dancer wearing ballet slippers goes en pointe.
317 A man takes a picture of a child with a in a brown and tan animal costume head.
317 A boy has his picture taken in a small clothing shop while he is wearing a costume head of an animal.
317 A male photographer in a white shirt takes a picture of a person wearing a brown and tan fanciful animal head and dressed in top and shorts in front of other clothes.
317 A young man with black hair in a photography studio photographs a boy in wearing a T shirt, shorts, and a large brown cartoon-like bear mask.
317 A man in a white tee shirt takes a picture with a camera of a boy in a large mask in possibly a clothing store.
318 Small fish are swimming around in the water in the daytime.
318 a large white fish swims past many smaller fish near some decaying wooden pylons
318 May small fish and one larger one swim underwater with barnacle covered objects standing on left.
318 Little fish swim around as a bigger fish swims by in murky waters in daylight.
318 School of fish swimming near pipe.
319 A woman in a red shirt is laying fabric out and using a measuring tape.
319 A person uses a tape measure to measure striped fabric.
319 A woman in a red top lays out cloth with Red, black and white vertical stripes on a table with a tape measure close to hand.
319 A woman wearing red is positioning red, white, and black striped fabric on a table and using a measuring tape.
319 A woman wearing a red sweater measures cloth on a table.
320 A man in a yellow pants holding a guitar and another man in a white suit are sitting on a stage with an audience watching them.
320 two men, on in yellow trousers holding a guitar, the other in a white suit and grey shirt, sit in folding chairs on a stage painted in a red and white bulls-eye design
320 Sign says Comedy in back of circular stage set on which two men sit, one with guitar
320 Two young white males sitting in a middle of a circular stage, one holding a guitar in front of a clapping audience
320 A guitarist and another man on stage at a comedy club.
321 People dressed up and kids at a party clap hands.
321 Little girl in a white dress stands in the middle on a carpet as two fairies, other children and adults are observing in a large room.
321 A woman dressed in a green fairy costume interacts with a little girl dressed in a white party dress as she stands in the middle of the floor.
321 young girl wearing stands at center of woven rug, a young boy stands further back, and a couple of women wearing winged costume dresses stand at side and back.
321 a little girl in a white dress with a flower band in her hair stands in the middle of an area rug as other children around her clap rhythmically and adults wearing butterfly wings walk around
322 A young man in a blue suit hands a bouquet of red roses to a woman in a white dress on a staircase under a red framed window.
322 A man in a blue suit ascends outdoor steps and hands flowers to a woman in a white dress.
322 A man in a blue suit walks upstairs of a building and hands a woman in a white dress a red rose.
322 A dark suited man ascends some steps outdoors and hands a woman wearing a white dress some flowers.
322 Outside a building, a man in a blue suit climbs a couple stairs to meet a woman with long hair in a white sleeveless dress to whom he gives a spray of red flowers.
323 A red and white paddle boat drifts down a river along a steep rocky bank covered in greenery on a sunny day.
323 A riverboat moves along a waterway.
323 A steam boat goes down a body of water outside on a sunny day.
323 People ride an excursion boat that resembles an old American riverboat on the river.
323 A two-story tourist boat moves up the river as tourists sit on the top deck.
324 A woman with a gray ponytail and brown leather jacket carrying a large water jug carefully walks toward a village down a narrow path on a steep hill.
324 A man wearing a brown jacket walks down a mountain path in the direction of a house.
324 An older man in a jacket is walking down a hill on a sunny day.
324 A person with gray hair and a leather jacket can be seen descending a path down to some houses as they hold a plastic jug.
324 A person in a l jacket uses a rope to help her climb down to a forested area below the level of the road which runs by a row of tarpaper shacks.
325 Fireworks explode in the night sky.
325 Fireworks are seen against a black sky, first a sparkly one, followed by three bright white streamers.
325 Fireworks are being shot off during the night time.
325 Celebratory fireworks explode in the night-time sky.
325 Fireworks go off in the sky at night.
326 Two man, one with a small beard, are performing tricks with fire moving from an upright to a lying down position at nighttime while onlookers observe.
326 Fire juggler does the limbo on the street with fire torches at night.
326 Men are twirling sticks with fire while laying on their backs in a road while people at watching at night.
326 two kneeling male fire-dancers lean over backwards while spinning their torches
326 Nighttime courtyard man wearing shiny black pants twirls baton with flames at both ends as he bends backward toward prone position.
327 A band on stage consisting of a white young with sunglasses and two white young guitarists sitting and strumming, one has a bandana the other long dark hair at night.
327 Group of three musicians, two playing the guitar, and the third singing into a microphone on a street stage at nighttime.
327 A band plays outside in the night time.
327 Tall buildings in background at night and under spotlights two men play instruments as another stands tapping foot and singing into mike.
327 at night, two guitarists and a singer perform on a stage
328 A bride and groom with a front Washington license plate Baldwin drive away in a white convertible dragging purple cans amid bubbles and a photographer .
328 A couple in a white convertible wave as they drive away.
328 A woman holds both arms up as she and a man drive off in a white convertible on a sunny day.
328 A couple rides slowly in a white convertible sports car both making gestures with arms and fingers as they go out of view.
328 A man and a woman kiss in a white convertible which then pulls away as the driver waves.
329 White blond woman in a two piece outfit twirl around a knife performing on a stage indoors.
329 Young woman sings as she waves a sword.
329 A blonde women dressed in a costume performs using a sword in a room with two gold poles.
329 a blonde woman in a two-piece black outfit twirls a sword
329 Blond woman wearing 2-piece black outfit with short skirt twirls long silver piece with black handle as she stands between two upright silver poles.
330 A woman in shorts and a small child walk up a wooden dock away from a small river.
330 A woman and a toddler wearing a yellow flotation device around his neck walk on a dock over a stream toward a RV.
330 A lady in a blue sweatshirt walks across a bridge over water with a baby and continues not knowing the baby has stopped to see what some people are doing.
330 A woman in a blue shirt begins to leave a wharf into a river and a toddler follows her but stops to look at men sitting on the bank of the river below.
330 A group of people sit by a lake as a young child and woman walk up a wooden ramp to a camping vehicle.
331 A black man wearing a white shirt with Sippy Falls printed on the back walks through lush greenery in the direction of the waterfall
331 A man in a shirt saying 'Sipi Falls' walks on a path through a jungle next to a rocky cliff.
331 A man in a white shirt walk through woods on a sunny day outside.
331 A hiker walks a lush, green trail.
331 A dark-skinned man in a white polo shirt walks in a jungle setting toward a waterfall next to a vine-covered wall.
332 Two women, one with short Gray hair and a sweatshirt and one in pajamas and robe sit on a patio end point to the house with two dogs.
332 A woman smoking a cigarette and another woman in a white robe talk as they sit in chairs on a patio next to a board fence.
332 A woman in a white robe and black hair, and an old woman with a maroon sweater sit outside and talk during the daytime.
332 2 women , 1 casually dressed and 1 in pajamas and robe, sit in chairs by a fence, talking.
332 An older short-haired woman in a purple sweater sits next to and talks with a woman in a white robe in the backyard of a home with a new wooden fence around the yard.
333 Fingers of a man holding a cigarette explaining in a foreign language indoors in a dark room.
333 Hand holding a cigarette.
333 A man is shown holding a cigarette in his hand.
333 resting on the leg of striped black and white trousers, two fingers hold a lit cigarette
333 Close up of a man's hand, holding a smoldering cigarette, as text flows below image.
334 Young white man with blue shirt short black hair promoting religious items from Short Cutz and holding a yellow round object next to his face.
334 White salesman in a blue shirt on a dark stage, holds up a yellow clock
334 A man in a blue shirt standing next to a display picks up a yellow ball in a dark room.
334 Man in blue shirt talks and points, standing at a table with list of religious duties.
334 a man in a blue shirt stands in front of a small table with a few things on it, picks up a small yellow thing from the table and holds it up to the camera
335 Guitarist and drummer wearing striped tee shirts play on a beach next to the sea.
335 Two men wearing striped T shirts, one guitarist and one drummer, play music on a beach on a windy day.
335 Two men in stripped shirts are plays a guitar and a set of drums outside on a sunny day.
335 Two young men in matching striped t-shirts play a guitar and drums on a sandy shore in low light.
335 A guitarist and drummer in striped shirts play music on a beach.
336 Middle aged white man in a long white wig holding a rolled up document, and is talking on the stage to a sark skinned man.
336 Man with wig carrying a scroll talks to bearded man.
336 A man in a white wig and costume walks into a room talking to another man.
336 a man in a long, curly white wig talks excitedly as he walks toward a man in a dark brown vest
336 Man wearing long white curly wig walks into room as he holds white rolled paper in front of himself and talks sneeringly to bearded man looking down.
337 Young bearded man with a gray shirt holding a plugged in toaster in his hands while sitting in a bathtub with a yellow rubber duck contemplating suicide.
337 White young man with beard sits in a bathtub half filled with water and a small rubber duck sitting on the rim, holds a plugged in toaster.
337 A man holds an electric toaster over the bathtub he is sitting in filled with water in a bathroom.
337 Clothed man sits in bath tub filled with water as he holds a plugged in toaster.
337 a man in a bath tub stares at a plugged in toaster he is holding
338 Several men greet each other outside a large arena as a photographer to the side takes photos.
338 A man in a dark coat shakes hands with other men outside the entrance to a building.
338 A group of men in suits shake hands with one another outside of a building on a sunny day.
338 People greet each other outside of a large, public building.
338 A man in a black raincoat shakes hands with several men in coat and ties while being photographed on a plaza in front of official looking buildings.
339 Woman looking at gown in front of closet.
339 Hispanic woman in a flowered dress takes out a white dress from her closet inside a room.
339 A woman takes a wedding dress out of a closet in a bedroom.
339 At indoor closet, woman removes dress from closet, puts it over her arms, and looks at it.
339 a matronly woman takes a white lacy dress and admires it
340 A close up of a stylized red, white, and black Hard Moves Boulder League poster is shown.
340 A painted sign reads 'Hard Moves Boulder League.'
340 A video shot is taken of a painting that says Hard Moves.
340 The camera pans down a poster with a man on it.
340 A circle with an iconic picture shows a man lying on the floor and reaching up, against a red background that says 'Hard Moves, boulder league.'
341 Man walking in a dark hallway and turns into a well-lit room.
341 Back of a man with grey hair who enters a dark room while sunlight is seeping in from outside
341 A man in a in a blue and white plaid shirt walks through a room to another room and reaches for a light switch.
341 Older man with some white hair, turns from daylight entering a darkened building tunnel and proceeds.
341 a grey-haired man in a blue and white checked shirt and faded jeans walks through a factory hallway
342 Young Asian man wears a white shirt with black vest, sits on a bench inside a room, gathers his book and puts it in his black bag as he rises to leave.
342 Young Asian man gathering his belongings as he gets off a white bench
342 A young man sitting places a book in his backpack then gets up and walks towards an escalator in an airport.
342 A young man sitting on a bench in a waiting room hear a noise and quickly puts the book he was reading into his book bag and quickly moves toward something off screen
342 A young Asian man in an indoor area rises from his seat and inserts book into his carrying case and starts to walk away.
343 Men are watching as two white men are wrestling in the rink with the referee kneeling down next to the wrestlers.
343 Two fighters and judge in ring.
343 A bald man in a gray suit standing outside the boxing ring gets mad and pushes himself from the edge when one of the men is sitting on the floor.
343 two men wrestle in a ring in a nearly empty gym as the ref watches
343 Two wrestlers in ring, with ref, one sits holding arm, other kneels down behind him and puts foot hard between the second man's legs.
344 Man lights fireworks in the street and runs as the fireworks explode.
344 In a video marked Pirotecnia C Valenciana a man sets off firecrackers in rapid succession on a narrow street between apartment buildings.
344 A construction worker walks past a lot of small explosions outside.
344 Between two buildings a structure of poles holding up a lattice from which fireworks strips hang, a man lights a strip to the lattice which sets off explosions of fireworks.
344 A construction worker lights some flares and hurries away from the site which is in a city.
345 Middle Eastern man sings and plays a guitar next to a white blonde woman and a man holding hands inside a restaurant.
345 Man sings and plays guitar as a couple holds hands.
345 A man in a blue shirt sings and plays the guitar and a couple hold hands at a restaurant in the daytime.
345 a man and woman hold hands as a man plays guitar and sings behind them in front of a wall with a tapestry on it
345 Indoor setting, man plays guitar and sings as couple sitting in front of him look at each other and old hands.
346 A man dressed in white kisses a woman dressed in white who is carrying a bunch of flowers outdoors.
346 A man in a white shirt draws a black haired woman in a white dress holding roses close to him and kisses her in the shade.
346 A man pulls a woman dressed as a bride towards him outside near trees.
346 A blond man wearing a white shirt pulls towards him and kisses a woman in a white sleeveless dress at twilight outside.
346 A man and woman dressed in white are outdoors when the man pulls the woman to him and kisses her as she clutches a bouquet of flowers.
347 Two young Asian male bicyclists are biking on a busy road, passing a mini bus pulled by a horse in daylight
347 Horse and cart and bikers on a small tree lined street.
347 A man in a black shirt rides a bicycle alongside of a horse drawn carriage outside on a sunny day.
347 bicyclists overtake and pass a small horse-drawn cart
347 Twilight scene of horse drawn bus going slowly uphill lined with palm trees as several male bike riders pass.
348 A blue dressed black woman is sitting on the floor exercising a diaper clad black baby's leg back and forth.
348 Black person exercises the legs of a black baby with a diaper laying on a colorful cloth indoors in a dark room.
348 A person is exercising a baby's legs bending it back and forth.
348 Black woman's hands hold ankle and knee of black infant and move leg up and down.
348 while it lies on a brightly colored blanket, hands bend and unbend the right leg of a black infant
349 A woman in a TV Studio with blue background is directing a question to a middle aged man with white tee shirt and silver short hair who holds a microphone as another man with a jacket sits next to him.
349 Three white people, two men and a woman sitting in a TV studio moving two microphones among them.
349 A woman in a light blue shirt talks to two men in a studio with her and one of the men takes the microphone from the other man and speaks also in a room in front of a sign.
349 Sign in back says TV studio as three people, 2 men and a woman sit at table, with men passing mike to each other and woman with mike talking intermittently.
349 in front of a blue wall with 'TV Studio' printed on it, a woman interviews two men
350 A woman wearing beads and a scarf clips the end off a large cigar.
350 In black and white, a woman with a scarf and beads trims the end of a cigar
350 A woman in a necklace holds a cigar and cuts off the tip of it inside a room.
350 A woman standing near a window inside and wearing a rubber apron uses a cutting tool to take the end off a long cigar.
350 A person in fancy clothes uses a tool to snip the end off of a cigar.
351 The sun shines through the leaves of an apricot tree with ripe apricots .
351 The leaves of a citrus tree blow in the breeze on a sunny day.
351 Oranges on a branch sway as the wind blows on a breezy day.
351 A breeze moves the leaves of an orange tree.
351 Oranges growing on trees are shown in a grove in front of a white building on a sunny day.
352 A Unicorn Riot video shows a police force along a wall spraying water up on protesters behind a railing above the wall.
352 A group of helmeted police on the sidewalk confronts a crowd on a raised walkway.
352 Policemen are attempting to control a riot outside on a cloudy day.
352 A policemen in a squad of police sprays a substance at a man who is helped over a railing to join a large group of civilian people outdoors.
352 A group of policemen on the street look up at an elevated promenade with a fence in a park-like setting full of watching people and a spray causes one green-shirted civilian to climb over the fence back to safety as media cameras watch.
353 Spectators sit in an indoor tennis court watching an empty court.
353 People sit in sports arena as players gather at the side if the court.
353 A game where a volleyball is being played indoors with a group of spectators.
353 in an auditorium, a crowd sits waiting for the team to come out and start an indoor match played on a wooden court divided by a net
353 Stadium filled with sitting people who have heads turned to side where team members are gathered as playing area remains empty.
354 Large gathering of Asian people outdoors on a cloudy day in a festival setting, as a group of performers in black and yellow attire pass by
354 A woman and two kids walking on a busy market street with many people in the background.
354 A group of young women in yellow shirts and overalls walk past a group of people.
354 in a busy Asian plaza, five young women in yellow long sleeved t-shirts and black coveralls walk across the scene
354 Outdoor daytime setting of pedestrians, including group of young Asian girls wearing yellow uniforms, walk on road near collection of small buildings and a palm tree.
355 A shirtless man on a ladder is painting a mural on a white interior wall.
355 An artist standing on a ladder puts the finishing touches on a red heart above two simple black-and-white figures in a large painting.
355 A man on a ladder is painting a red heart on a wall with two figurines in a room.
355 An announcer talks about a large wall hanging of two figures dancing in front of a red heart, with a tall ladder in front of it.
355 An artist stands on a ladder to work on a very large painting.
356 A teenage boy carrying a blue bucket and a white rag walks across a driveway and glances back at a wet blue sedan .
356 A man wearing a blue tee shirt has been washing a blue car in the driveway of a house.
356 A man carrying a bucket walks in front of a car that is being washed outside on a sunny day.
356 A man walks by a car that is being washed and he holds a bucket.
356 A young man, after cleaning his dark car, walks away with a bucket in a suburban setting with two other cars, one in the garage and one parked behind the washed car.
357 A couple dressed for a wedding cuts a piece of cake together.
357 A groom in a black suit with white boutonniere eclipses the bride behind him as they together cut into one of several elaborate cakes.
357 A bride and groom cut a pie together in a room surrounded by other people.
357 A man in formal dress and his bride cut their wedding cake at a reception with flash photography.
357 A dark haired man with a white flower pinned to his jacket cuts something edible something as another person's arm can be seen helping him and someone takes a flash picture of it while other people watch.
358 Young man backpacking stands and kicks a rock around as another man with backpack is following him on a mountain next to a beach on a sunny day.
358 View of the beach turns into a view of a white young man with short black hair blue jeans and white top carrying a big olive bag on his back kicking a rock towards the ocean cliff as two hikers carrying a large orange back pack climb up the green ridge during a clear sunny day.
358 A man in a blue shirt kicks a rock on a mountain near the ocean on a sunny day.
358 a young man with a large backpack kicks stones from the top of a cliff and looks over the edge
358 Man wearing long back pack and short sleeve shirt stands at edge of rocky cliff kicking at the ground.
359 Mn in suite talking about pasta to a reporter in an exhibition.
359 White short woman with short brown hair holds the microphone to a white man wearing a suit and gasses as he talks into the mike in a store setting during daytime.
359 A man in a blue suit talks into a microphone a women is holding while he speaks in a building.
359 Man wearing suit and tie, wearing glasses, talks into mike held by woman wearing badge on lanyard around neck in a large indoor area.
359 as he talks a woman in a black dress holds a microphone in front of a man in a grey suit in a corner between a parking garage and some shop windows
360 Six people in bathing suits, two of whom are holding surf boards, stand on a beach and watch the waves.
360 Three men, two holding surfboards, and two women in bikinis standing with a man wearing a turquoise sun scarf, look at the ocean on a cloudy day
360 Two sets of three people are standing and looking out into the ocean.
360 On an ocean beach with waves coming in, a group of two women and a man stand on the left while another group of 3 young with surf boards stands right.
360 4 men and 2 women stand at the ocean's edge looking at the water.
361 Young white people are demonstrating with signs, as one of the woman talks into a microphone on a sunny street.
361 Man interviewing women demonstrators on street.
361 A man with a microphone is talking with two women holding protest signs outside while cars ride by.
361 a black haired woman carrying a poster talks to a male interviewer in black as other people with posters mill around
361 Outside in front of two-story building, Two women carry signs about girls rights as a man holds mike up to one who is talking, as several other people walk around with full face masks on.
362 A woman with a purple shirt. stirs a drink in a cup and cools it as she speaks.
362 Young Black woman is stirring a drink in her mug while smiling inside a room.
362 A girl in a purple shirt is stirring something in a tea cup and keeps looking in it.
362 A black woman talks and smiles as she stirs contents of a mug she holds as overlay appears with word NAPS.
362 a black woman in a purple sweater and dark blue jumper stirs, blows on, and sniffs a coffee cup while talking to someone else
363 A man with a short Mohawk and a woman with blonde hair sit in mission style chairs at a small table set with white cups and saucers and a pastries.
363 A black man seated at a small coffee table speaks with a blond woman seated next to him.
363 A black man with a mohawk haircut and a blonde woman share a conversation sitting in chairs in a room with large windows.
363 A man and woman talk while having coffee.
363 A black man with a single line of hair from his forehead back sits in a wooden chair across from a white woman with long blonde hair in a similar chair and they converse inside against elegant window treatments.
364 Young white woman puts on a white headband standing in front of a house and trees in daylight.
364 A white young woman with green eyes is tying a white head band around her fore head outside.
364 A Caucasian woman puts a white sweatband on her head.
364 a blue-eyed woman adjusts a white sweatband on her head
364 Standing outside with trees and building in background, woman ties white cloth headband behind her.
365 A young white man is crying while a white young woman with long dark hair consoles him while both sitting outdoors on a grassy area in daylight.
365 young woman comforting a young man outdoors as they kneel, while another person looks on.
365 A woman in a white sweater comforts a crying man sitting next to her outside on a sunny day.
365 a boy in a white shirt and grey vest sit on the ground crying while the girl next to him puts her arm over this shoulder
365 A young couple, man and woman, sit on the grass outdoor on sunny day, and she has arm across man's shoulders.
366 A woman with brown hair gets up from a desk, shakes hands with a man in a black suit, and they sit down at a table together.
366 A woman in a grey sweater shakes hands with a man wearing a suit coat, and then the two sit down at a small circular table.
366 A woman in a white blouse walks around a desk and shakes hands with a man sitting in a chair in the office.
366 A woman comes from behind her desk to shake hands with a man who seats himself at a small table in her office where she joins him.
366 A woman in a white blouse and sweater enters a living room and a man seated there rises to shake hands with her, after which both sit as light streams through big windows.
367 An older Haitian black man with glasses is speaking to the camera in church with yellow walls and wooded pews.
367 Black man with glasses and a beard talks in a church empty of people, with daylight coming in through small circular windows
367 An African American man speaks into a camera while inside a church on a sunny day.
367 Black man with mustache and wearing glasses stands at front of church pews and talks.
367 a black man with a graying mustache and goatee talks in a church whose walls are full of circular cut-outs
368 Asian boy plays a flute like instrument.
368 Musician playing a flute.
368 An Asian man plays a flute.
368 a man in a dark red shirt plays a wooden flute
368 Asian boy wearing gold rimmed collar plays flute.
369 A man in a colorful shirt is eating something while a woman in a pink top with the I LOVE NY logo watches.
369 A young woman with long dark hair wearing a pink 'I love New York' shirt is amused by a man with black hair in a car printed shirt as he bites into a bunch of yellow foliage in a humorous way.
369 A man in a black and white shirt pretends to eat something in front of a woman wearing a pink dress outside on a sunny day.
369 A dark-skinned man stands on a boat on a river with a tourist woman in a pink top, and he seems to be eating something that looks like a flame.
369 A man wearing a print shirt and neck scarf makes a face and holds something up as a young woman wearing a pink shirt looks at him.
370 A woman with black hair carefully applies makeup and then looks down.
370 A woman applies lipstick.
370 A closeup of a woman's face as she applies lipstick.
370 A dark haired young woman is seen in profile applying lipstick to her lips.
370 A woman completes putting on lipstick in front of a black and white background setting.
371 A moat and large cone shaped shrubs on a lawn surround a classic brick mansion.
371 A bridge over water leads up to a brick building.
371 A mansion with a bridge that leads to it is being video taped outside on a sunny day.
371 Formal gardens are shown.
371 In front of a large manor house surrounded by a moat and a bridge over it, two men walk off the bridge with Baroque music playing along a bank with sculpted bushes.
372 Brown and white cow is running outdoors on a barren field during a cloudy day.
372 A bull running in the meadow.
372 A cow runs in a field on a cloudy day.
372 a black and white steer jogs across a desert landscape
372 Long horn bull runs from right to left across barren field on sunny day.
373 A young man with a yellow tee shirt is promoting sports shoes in a store showing boots and shoes on display, pointing to the differences between them.
373 Young white man in a yellow t shirt holds up a tennis shoe inside a shoe store.
373 A man in a yellow tee shirt holds a tennis shoe and speaks into the camera in a shoe store.
373 Man stands behind counter with shoes lined on shelves behind him, points to some shoes and holds one while talking.
373 in a shoe store, a man in a yellow t-shirt describes a shoe he is holding
374 A man in a yellow tee shirt stands next to a city street.
374 A man with a brown dreadlock bun glances at a woman with long black hair and a red and black crop top as she comes down some steps .
374 A young woman in red walks down stairs and past a young man in a white shirt outside on a cloudy day.
374 A bearded black man with dreadlocks pulled back stands along a city street and watches a black woman walk down a few nearby stairs and across the street.
374 A young man with dreadlocks notices a dark haired young woman as she descends the steps he is standing on, outdoors, on a street.
375 Red and white airplane is flying in the sky above the clouds in bright daylight.
375 View of the white clouds over the blue earth from the window of an aircraft with a red engine during the day.
375 A plane with red on its wing is flying in the sky above the clouds on a sunny day.
375 a jet with an orange painted engine housing flies far above white clouds
375 View over plane fuselage to cloud cover below.
376 A woman in a black coat and a white head covering holding a pencil and a notebook stands in a litter-strewn street.
376 A Muslim woman in a black coat and white headscarf discusses a wreckage zone and takes notes
376 A woman dressed with a gray scarf around her head and neck holds a white pad and pencil and talks to someone in area that has been demolished or bombed.
376 A woman in a dark winter coat and a white scarf asks questions as she takes notes in a disaster scene with a building standing in the background next to an area with rubble.
376 People are asking questions, taking notes, and examining the ruins of an explosion.
377 A teenage boy with black hair rides a bike up a short graffiti covered red wall, turns around and comes back down.
377 A boy in a black tee shirt performs a riding trick on a bicycle outdoors.
377 A boy rides his bike up onto a red wall outside on a sunny day.
377 A bicyclist performs a trick against an orange wall on a city street.
377 A young man on a bicycle rides his bicycle up a steeply sloped red concrete barrier in an outside, wooded setting.
378 Two women runners approach the finish line.
378 Two people observed by crowds, are running through the finish line on a race track on a cloudy day.
378 Two kids race to the finish line outside on a sunny day.
378 Outdoors on gray day, spectators stand behind white fence dividers as two figures race around the course which has a large blue arch over course marked with signs saying 'X Adventure'.
378 two sprinters run around a curve and under the blue finish line balloon
379 Customers are served by two men in a vegetable and fruit market.
379 Several conservative Jews are purchasing bulk items add an indoor food market.
379 A few Orthodox Jewish men are at a market purchasing items in plastic bags.
379 At an outdoor, lighted street market in Israel, an orthodox man in black hat starts to order from a vendor wearing a yarmulke.
379 Orthodox Jewish men shop for dried fruits and nuts at open air kosher market.
380 Six white young men and women dance on a stage while a white man plays the guitar on a dark stage.
380 Line dancers dance as guitar player plays.
380 A group of people line dance while a band is playing outside at night.
380 people line dance in a grassy park as a man plays a guitar
380 A group of men and women move up and back and clap their hands outdoors at night as another man strums a guitar and sings.
381 Outdoors at night, an excavator loads rocks onto a dump truck.
381 Five Thompson bulldozers are moving large chunks of asphalt in a fast motion video set to Nutcracker music.
381 Large construction equipment is being used to load a dump truck with large cement pieces then it drives off
381 In a field of rubble, at night, a white truck is loaded with a huge rocks.
381 A truck with a back hoe lifts rock and debris from a site to a truck.
382 A chef is preparing Sushi , glazing the fish with sauce.
382 A person in all white apparel indoors in a kitchen, putting sauce over a sushi plate, using a brush.
382 A chef is putting teriyaki sauce on raw seafood in a large kitchen.
382 Man in white long sleeve uniform and apron stands in front of long white topped table and brushes liquid on several small dishes of foods.
382 a man in white shirt and pants spread an orange jelly on sushi he is making
383 On a bright day, young man with longish Brown hair eating an ice cream cone enters a dark shed and picks up an orange kayak.
383 A young man wearing a white tee shirt opens the door of a room and picks up a kayak that was leaning against the wall.
383 While eating a young man enters a dark room and picks up an orange kayak then leaves.
383 A male who is eating something opens the door of a dark room and removes a kayak that was leaning on the wall.
383 A young man eating something opens a door and enters to lift up a large plastic kayak.
384 A surfer on a red board and a paddle boarder ride the ocean waves.
384 A surfer dressed in black on a red surfboard rides a wave as a paddleboarder with a white shirt passes by.
384 People are in the ocean surfing on a sunny day.
384 At a surfers beach, a surfer in black rides a red surf board before a wave to the shore.
384 Surfers ride towards shore on a wave.
385 A person holds a soldering stick over an object inside a dark workroom
385 A metal worker heats metal with a burner creating sparks.
385 Sparks are coming from a torch someone is holding.
385 a man in a welding mask welds something
385 Person wearing face protection faces a table where candle burns and uses torch on an item.
386 Bicycles and a pedicab move up a city street at night.
386 Two men on bicycles follow a pedi-cart on a dark rudimentary city street.
386 People on bikes and a carriage are riding along on a street at night.
386 In a lighted night-time city, the photographer in a car overtakes two bicycle rides and then starts to pass a cab pulled by a bicycle rider.
386 Bicyclists and passengers in a wagon ride a city street at night.
387 Dancer doing cartwheels and running in the dark.
387 One naked woman and a man with white pants and white shirt run around a dark stage with the man doing a somersault.
387 A woman in white is in a completely dark room doing flips.
387 Against all black background a blurred figure of a man dashes by then does a somersault.
387 a person runs circles in and out of the light and does a cartwheel
388 With studio lighting in the background, a young woman hands a young man a blue blazer to put on.
388 In a clothing store, a woman wearing a white dress hands a blazer to a young man wearing a white tee shirt.
388 A woman in a lace dress hands a young man a black blazer off a clothes rack in a room.
388 A male and female are in an indoor space with photography lights when the female hands the male a navy blue and white striped shirt and a navy blue jacket on hangers.
388 A saleswoman in a mens clothing department hands a blazer to a young man as a recommendation.
389 a man speaking to another man as they sit with a large potted plant between them
389 Two white males, one with a white cap, the other with a white cane in front of him, sitting at opposite sides of a green bush are conversing outdoors on a cloudy day.
389 Two men are sitting in tall chairs with a tall bush between them talking outside on a sunny day.
389 Overcast day in fenced in yard, two men, one standing one in chair who is talking and gesturing, are on either side of a large plant.
389 two men, one wearing a white t-shirt and white baseball cap, the other wearing a white dress shirt and blazer, sit on either side a small tree as one, who keeps pushing leaves out of his face, talks to the other
390 A large crowd of people stand on a beach next to the sea.
390 A crowd is gathered on a beach on a cloudy day in anticipation of an event.
390 A lot of people are standing on a beach watching something out in the ocean.
390 At an ocean beach a large crowd of hot people stand at the edge of the water and watch another crowd of people strung out in the water standing ahead of them;.
390 A large group of people gather at a beach and look at something.
391 A white woman in green fancy dress and a hat helps young man with a beard with his cufflinks inside next to a wall.
391 Woman with a blue dress and blue flower on her head helping a bearded man button his shirt sleeve.
391 A woman in a fancy blue dress with a spectator on her head helps a man with his cuff links inside a room.
391 a woman in a blue dress and feathery hat puts a cuff kink on the shirt of a bearded man
391 Woman wearing blue dress and hair piece works to insert cuff links in shirt sleeve of man standing in in front of her.
392 Someone takes pictures of a man and a woman wearing sunglasses outdoors.
392 Three young people with sunglasses, a woman with a white cap turned backwards, a man with Brown hair and a beard, and a man in a white Red Bull hat joke around with a GoPro.
392 A man and woman wearing sunglasses are outdoors and talking into the camera and making silly faces as a third man wearing a white hat enters the view and pushes the woman out.
392 A woman in a backwards baseball cap speaks next to a man with a goatee as another young man horns into the scene and a photographer snaps a camera out at them.
392 A young man and woman talk into microphones at a registration event outdoors when another young man pushes his way in and the first young man takes away his microphone.
393 Large group of bicyclists are riding on a street lined with parked cars at night time
393 Bicyclists ride on a city street at night and pass by a red car as another bicyclist with a black backpack joins them from the sidewalk.
393 A group of people are riding bicycles in the street at night.
393 at night a large group of bicyclists head away from the camera down two lanes of the street past a row of parked cars to their right
393 On a city street at night, bicyclists take up three lanes of marked highway, with most cars pulled over to side.
394 4 People stand by the tracks in the snow.
394 Brown skinned young man watches as another man takes a photo of a third person on the side of a road surrounded by snow at daylight.
394 A man in a gray hoodie give the peace sign as he turns and looks at two other men outside.
394 Sunny day in winter with tracks in snowy road and man wearing gray hoodie and sun glasses to view another man taking photo of another man against a snowy embankment.
394 a man in a grey hoodie stands at the side of a recently snowplowed road talking to the camera and then turns to look at a couple taking pictures next to the plowed wall of snow
395 Man showing running shoe.
395 Person wearing a blue shirt holds a green tennis shoe and turns it over inside a store.
395 A man in a blue shirt demonstrates a green and black tennis shoe in his hands.
395 Man's hands hold green and black shoe, turns it, while voice is heard.
395 a man in a blue t-shirt holds a green and black shoe in front of him
396 An Asian man in a white print cap and Gray T shirt takes a photograph from the window of a camper type vehicle.
396 A man in a white cap aims a camera out the window of some vehicle.
396 A man in a white hat is riding and taking pictures on a cloudy day.
396 A man takes pictures from a ferry window as he sits on his leopard patterned upholstered seat.
396 A man in a white cap films with a camera from within a tourist boat in a cloudy day.
397 Young man and woman are sitting on grass outdoors putting letters on a giant plastic balloon, as other people around them stand around with many bags on a sunny day.
397 Two young men on a field one blonde with a white t shirt the other with a black top and white hat are making a sign with many people behind them making preparations during the day.
397 Two men are pressing numbers and letters onto a large white fabric laying on the ground outside near other people.
397 a man and woman rub a stencil on a large piece of satiny white parasail
397 Two men squat on either side of large cloth like object, stencilling name on it, in a large field with many other people.
398 Snowboarder going down a slope with the evening sun setting.
398 Person in an orange jacket snowboarding while turning around going down a snowy hill in bright sunshine.
398 A person in an orange ski suit ski's down a long snowy hill on a sunny day.
398 Person wearing orange jacket and hat snowboards down well-travelled snowy incline under cloudy sky parting to expose bright sun.
398 a ski boarder in a yellow jacket comes out of a spin and skis away
399 2 middle aged men sitting in tub chairs , one black and one white, conduct a panel discussion relating to a melting pot of music.
399 A seated man in glasses speaks with a black man also seated at a table.
399 A Caucasian man is explaining something to an African American man and he doesn't look too happy sitting in chairs in a room.
399 2 men have a discussion in front of a group.
399 A white man in white shirt and a tie talks to a black man in plaid shirt and black jacket in two bucket chairs around a tray on an ottoman in a back-lighted indoor setting.
400 Girl eats ice cream as two dogs sit on chair.
400 White teenage girl licking ice cream while 2 little dogs sitting on a chair are watching her inside d a room during night time
400 A woman eat a cone of strawberry ice cream while her dogs on the sofa watch.
400 Woman stands in room licking ice cream from a cone as two dogs sitting on couch on other side of room watch her.
400 a young woman eats an ice-cream cone as two dogs watch from a nearby white couch
401 White young man with blue jacket carries a basket covered in white cloth into a yard with a blue gate as two women stand next to parked white care carrying a large black and white umbrella.
401 Looking through a gate we see an older woman with umbrella walk by, a man carrying a basket and a women standing behind a big umbrella next to a car on a sunny day.
401 A man in a suit jacket walks carrying a wicker basket with white paper inside on a sunny day.
401 Man carries decorated basket from car park through open blue metal gates.
401 a man in tan trousers, a blue shirt, and blue blazer carrying a basket of white stuff walks through a decorative gate leaving behind some women with a large black and white umbrella
402 A group of children sitting in yellow rubber rafts in an indoor swimming pool with a glass top.
402 Kids floating on inflated yellow boats in a water park.
402 A group of kids are floating in yellow floats on an amusement ride water park.
402 kids wearing bright yellow life vests flow down a chute in bright yellow inner tubes
402 Amusement park waterway with several yellow rafts hold people float down on sunny day.
403 . A fair skin baby with light brown hair kisses a fair skin woman with long blonde hair in front of an orange wall
403 A little girl kisses a blond woman on the cheek.
403 A baby is exchanging kisses with a blonde woman in a room.
403 A young child kisses a blonde haired woman with puckered lips twice who has an orange wall and open window behind her.
403 A woman with long blond straight hair in front of a mirror is kissed by the blond baby she is holding.
404 Volleyball teams play outdoors next to a sign saying 'Action For Kids.'
404 Young men and a women in red shirts are playing volleyball with a yellow net at an Action For Kids event.
404 A group of people are playing volleyball outside on a sunny day.
404 Young adults play volleyball in a venue within a city setting.
404 Males and females play volleyball.
405 Man showing his camera in a room with 2 screens.
405 White adult male holds a camera, talks in in French in a room with 2 computers and a picture on the wall inside a room.
405 A man in a black shirt demonstrates a large 35mm camera in his hands in a room with video monitors.
405 In room with various TV screens lit in background, dark haired man with small beard hoists large camera with attachments up to view then lowers it and talks.
405 a bearded man explains an elaborate camera to an off screen audience
406 Young girl with glasses sits on a sofa, chews on food and holds a cell phone in her hand next to a window with daylight coming in.
406 A young bespectacled woman with black parted hair and black pants sits on a sofa and raises one foot and leg towards the screen as she chews gum.
406 An Indian girl wearing glasses sits on a brown sofa holding her cell phone in one hand.
406 a woman listens to a cellphone as a knee moves back and forth in the foreground
406 Woman holds a wired in tablet in her hand as she sits on a touch with one trousered leg raised and bent at knee moving out.
407 Man with arrow through his head and a nose bleed speaks.
407 White man with beard and mustache sits and leans against a fence with a bow across his head in daylight.
407 A man lays on a wood floor with an arrow through his head talking.
407 Partially bearded man with shaggy black year lies on wooden floor with object stuck in his hair, rolling eyes and moving head a little back and forth.
407 a lightly bearded man lying on the floor with an arrow through his head talks to the camera
408 A man in a black morning coat performs a monologue outdoors In front of trees and an iron fence.
408 A costumed man carrying a notebook walks in a park-like setting.
408 A man holding a book wearing a tuxedo is walking around and talking in front of an iron fence outside on a sunny day.
408 A young man who is dressed up and holding a folder, speaks to someone off camera as he walks in front of a fence outdoors.
408 A man in a morning suit talks and walks slowly along a tall iron fence in a woodland setting.
409 A bearded man wearing a blue sweatshirt is speaking outdoors to a woman and another man who is wearing a blue jacket and a brown hat
409 A man with blonde bushy hair and beard is speaking to a couple in a flowering garden surrounded by trees.
409 A man in blue is talking to a couple outside on a sunny day.
409 A blonde man with full curly hair and mustache stands outside in a garden talking to a man in a blue shirt and a western style hat.
409 A blond bearded man touches his left jaw area as he speaks to a man with a hat and blue jacket as they stand outdoors near some yellow wildflowers and wild plants.
410 A bicycle moves down a rocky path in daylight.
410 A trail bike heads down a rocky ridge.
410 Someone is riding their bike on rough terrain outside.
410 A bicycle moves forward on a rock-strewn trail in daylight in a forest path.
410 A bicyclist is traveling a rocky road.
411 A detective with black hair and a mustache wearing a white shirt and a holster talks at a desk with a man wearing sunglasses.
411 A man in a white shirt and glasses sits at a table behind a typewriter and speaks to another man seated across from him.
411 A man in a shirt and tie sits behind a desk talking to another man in a patterned shirt inside a room.
411 A man speaks to another man from behind his work table which has his materials for paperwork as well as handcuffs hanging from the lamp.
411 In an unadorned office, a man in a white shirt and suspenders talks to a man on the other side of the desk as a gooseneck lamp lights the scene with a pair of handcuffs dangling from it.
412 Asian women are sitting at an inside cafe overlooking a street with cars during daytime.
412 Asian women , one with green dress and one with flower in her hair sit around a table with food at a restaurant with a white car outside during the day.
412 Women sit at a table talking at a restaurant outside on a sunny day.
412 five black women sit at a table in a cafe as one of them with a yellow flower in her hair talks
412 Four black women sit at table with glasses and some plates on it, two older women listen to girl talking.
413 A scuba diver swims along a coral reef amidst a school of blue and yellow fish in bright blue water.
413 A school of fish swims past a scuba diver underwater.
413 Fish are swimming around a scuba diver in the ocean.
413 Fish swim past a diver who stands on the sea floor.
413 A person in scuba gear walks near the bottom as fish stream by.
414 A man in a white shirt embraces a woman in white on a mountain overlooking a valley.
414 A man in a white shirt and blue jeans lifts up a barefoot woman with long dark hair in a white crop top and long skirt at a scenic mountain overlook.
414 A woman wearing white clothes jumps into the arms of a man wearing a white shirt as they stand on a mountain with the view of a valley.
414 A woman with long dark hair and a long, sleeveless white dress stands and jumps up onto a man in a white shirt between two rocks looking down on the valley below.
414 A woman in white jumps into the arms of a man in jeans and white shirt as they stand on a mountain overlooking a valley.
415 Young man skate boards over wide stone structure, next to a big building with stairs in front, while 2 people walk up the steps, and another one watching him, it at daylight.
415 Young white man with pink shirt and gray pants skates down a ramp over the front steps of a large white building with large columns as a man dressed in black watches and a woman dressed in a black coat over a red dress climbs up the stairs as another person in a white coat gets ready to descend the steps during the day.
415 A young man in a pink shirt skateboards a cement structure next to steps in front of a large white building outside.
415 in front of a federal style office building, a skateboarder in a pink shirt jumps from the top landing onto a balustrade and skates down it to a safe landing on the sidewalk
415 Boy wearing pink shirt is on skateboard as he leaps on concrete slops descending down from large building with pillars.
416 Man apply paint dot on forehead of another man.
416 Indian girl and a white man are being decorated by an Indian adult who is wearing a red shirt indoors in a hall.
416 A man in a red shirt performs a marital ceremony with a bride and groom in a room.
416 Standing man wearing pink shirt adjusts necklace on smiling sitting man, then puts a mark on the man's forehead before moving to smiling woman sitting next to the man.
416 a man in a red shirt applies an ointment to the nose of man in a white shirt and a woman in a lacy dress, both of whom are smiling
417 Older man with beard and mustache stands behind a bar and leans on the counter.
417 A middle aged barman wearing a white shirt with diagonal design and writings on it is leaning on the bar with beer dispensers and bottles of liquor behind him.
417 An older man in a white tee shirt with writing on it speaks into the camera behind a bar.
417 and elderly man talks to the camera from between a bar with beer taps and the array of bottles behind him
417 Older bearded man stands in well stocked bar, talking while holding hands together.
418 Man rides bicycle between fire trucks.
418 Parade with red fire trucks and people passing, many with red jackets on a road in daylight.
418 A man on a bicycle rides by parked fire engines and people walking on a cloudy day.
418 Outdoors on a divided highway, a fire engine is parked on the side and the end of a vehicle with a string of lights on rear as people stand, some wearing red santa hats, and a biker rides past.
418 a man on a bicycle rides slowly past a small crowd of people who are looking at parked fire trucks
419 Daylight shines through the windows as a young man wearing a yellow tee shirt ascends a rock-climbing wall in a gym-like room while others watch or wait their turns.
419 A group of Asian males, about half wearing yellow shirts, are watching an Asian male climbing an indoor rock wall.
419 A young man in a yellow shirt is climbing a wall in a large room while people are watching him.
419 Inside a well-lighted gym in daylight, a boy wearing a yellow team t-shirt climbs a wall with hand and foot holds, watched by a man and other boys.
419 A boy climbs an indoor rock wall while other boys watch him.
420 A man uses a lighter indoors to heat something in a spoon.
420 A young shirtless man with black hair heats something in a spoon with a blue lighter in his bedroom.
420 A young shirtless man is using a lighter to warm something he is holding in a spoon.
420 A bare-chested, black-haired young man holds a plastic cigarette lighter under a teaspoon he holds in front of his face inside a room.
420 A bare chested young man heats a substance in a spoon with his disposable lighter in a room with a covered window.
421 yellow beak grey bird sitting on the rock.
421 A white bird with yellow beak is moving about as a young baby bird tries to get under her outdoors on a grassy area in daytime.
421 A baby bird feeds from its mother outside in a rocky area.
421 White bird with black head roosts with young hatchling under wing in sandy area in front of green vegetation.
421 a chick tries to get under the belly of a white bird with a black head and yellow beak
422 Three chefs look down into a banquet with a large green and white backdrop depicting the history of FSC.
422 A female staff member cleans up a table in an indoor buffet area.
422 People are sitting around at tables in a convention center room with an exhibit in front of them.
422 At a company's event, people sit at tables as wait staff clears 1 table and food for the group is on a table in the center of the indoor meeting space.
422 A very tall and wide canvas display about a business FSC backs an eating space in an indoor exhibition space as people sit around tables listening to a speaker near a buffet.
423 A man wearing a suit and glasses is seated behind a desk and speaks into a microphone.
423 A balding man with glasses and a thin mustache and wearing a business suit is seated at a dais speaking in an Arabic language behind two microphones.
423 A man in a suit and tie is speaking into a microphone while sitting at a table in a room.
423 At a conference setting in the middle east, a dark-skinned man with a mustache speaks before an audience with a microphone nearby.
423 A bespectacled man in a suit and tie speaks from a podium into microphones.
424 Black car getting out of parking making a right turn on a street during the day.
424 Black van pulling out from an alley making a right turn while other cars are parked on the street in a residential modern neighborhood during daylight.
424 From an aerial shot a car is seen coming out of an indoor garage.
424 Daytime aerial view of multi-storied buildings on either side of two lane road onto which a car is moving from a building driveway.
424 a black station wagon slowly pulls out of an alley between a high apartment building and a shorter one and enters a traffic-less street with tall palms along it.
425 White young man sits in a white chair reading out loud from a card inside a room with wooden panels.
425 Young man gets emotional as he reads a letter on a couch.
425 A man in a white shirt is sitting in a beige chair in a room reading a paper he is holding.
425 a man wearing a white shirt with cuff links sits in a white chair in a paneled room reading a greeting card
425 A man wearing long sleeve white shirt sits in a beige stuffed chair reading, and shaking his head.
426 A young white man with large sunglasses a blue suite and a white tie and a woman wearing a white bridal gown dance like robots in front of red green and white bleachers in a stadium during the day.
426 White young groom moves his hands around as the white bride dances on the steps behind him in daylight.
426 A groom with sunglasses is making dance moves with his hands while the bride stands behind him dancing outside.
426 Against background of vacant stadium seats, man dressed as a groom shakes and moves hands across face, while in back woman dressed as bride moves back and forth erratically.
426 a man in sunglasses and a blue suit jacket over a white tie and shirt waves to the camera while a woman in a white lacy gown dances behind him
427 Boys' soccer teams play on a field in a park in daylight.
427 A young boy on the purple team takes a shot at goal during a children's soccer game at a field in a park.
427 Young boys play a soccer game on grass near picnic tables on a sunny day.
427 A boy in a purple jersey kicks a soccer ball toward a goal in a sunny day along with other teammates and kids in red jerseys on an outdoors field.
427 Boys and a girl in their soccer uniforms play outside in a play area and other people sit at the tables.
428 A group of young females with serious facial expressions walk towards something off camera in an indoor space with blue tile walls while one of them leans on a large black public address system speaker.
428 Young women in bathing suits walk inside in front of large, bright windows showing a green setting.
428 A group of women dressed in bathing suits are walking around in a room with large windows.
428 A group of teenage girls in bathing suits, some with T shirts, are indoors in front of a blue tiled wall with big windows.
428 Women wearing bathing suits mill about in an indoor pool area.
429 On sunny day, fast movement down dirt street past several small huts with chairs, tables, and some people outside them.
429 the camera scans down a dirt street in a shanty town
429 Someone in a vehicle rides through a village taking a video on a sunny day.
429 Truck drives through village,
429 Camera rides by a poor village with shacks and black people on both sides of the road during sunlight.
430 A skateboarder attempts a jump in a parking lot and almost falls on his back but manages to get up on the board.
430 Young Hispanic adult wearing a cap and checkered shirt jumps over bushes on his skateboard, falls down but recovers and stand up again on a street with a car approaching on a sunny day.
430 Boy wearing hat comes leaping over vegetation on skateboard landing on paved area, falling, then rolling over and standing up with traffic on road in background.
430 a young black man on a skateboard races along the sidewalk near a building and leaps over some shrubbery, falling as he lands but immediately getting back on the board
430 A boy in a red plaid shirt on a skateboard jumps off a porch and over some bushes and falls as he is landing in the road.
431 Young white man with red backpack on his back is hiking in the woods with walking sticks among trees, and rocks during day light.
431 White man with glasses tan shorts blue shirt and red back pack is walking with hiking sticks and a beige cat on a trail by a creek in the woods during the day.
431 a young bearded man in a blue shirt uses walking sticks as he carries a backpack along a trail in some woods
431 Man wearing hat and walking shorts holds two staffs in hands as he crosses a stream on row of rocks and continues up path through woods.
431 A man in a blue shirt wearing a backpack hikes in the woods on a sunny day.
432 A man in a white outfit kneels on a large rock holding a large bird flapping its wings while a photographer takes his picture.
432 Outside on rocky piles next to water, Egyptian man squats down, adjusting his long beige robe, as he hold a struggling hawk on his left gloved hand as man holds camera.
432 a photographer films a man as the crouches to let a large bird land on one wrist and transfer to the other
432 Young falconer man dressed in white holding A trained falcon on a river bed as the birds flaps its wings and another young Asian man holding a camera and another dressed in red holding a flag stand nearby.
432 White man holds a camera and takes a picture of a brown skinned man holding a big bird outdoors next to water at daytime.
433 A man with a red shirt, white shorts, and a white helmet skateboards downhill on an open road with rolling hills in the background.
433 A man wearing shorts, a red shirt, and a helmet skateboards down a curving road in the hills.
433 A skateboarder rides swiftly downhill on a road with wooded vegetation in the area.
433 A man on a skateboard with a red top and white helmet weaves along an empty country road and recovers from a fall without stopping.
433 A man in a red shirt skateboards down a two lane road on a sunny day.
434 Man wearing orange t-shirt and hat vacuums floor in doors near closed white paneled door with brass doorknob.
434 a man in an orange t-shirt vacuums a small blue rug in a small apartment.
434 A man with a red shirt and baseball cap vacuums a room with a yellow wall inside a room.
434 man with red tea shirt vacuuming a rug in the living room
434 Young white man with beard and mustache wearing a red T shirt and red socks is vacuuming a green rug inside a house during daylight.
435 A man in a red jacket carrying a skateboard stands outdoors in front of a wall on which the word 'Inkvadors' si seen.
435 A young man in a red hoodie and light blue jeans walks around an Inkvaders graffiti mural and stops to lean with his snowboard against the wall.
435 A man in a red hoodie walks with a short ski board and leans it and himself against a wall full of colorful graffiti.
435 A man in a red hooded sweatshirt leans a skate board against a mural painted wall outdoors.
435 A young man in a red hoodie and a board in his hand stands near a colorful mural outside.
436 Bearded man wearing glasses stands, hands behind him, watching posters going up conveyor belt.
436 a grey-bearded man watches orange, white and yellow posters go up a conveyor
436 A man in a blue shirt watches large red yellow and white boards go up a conveyor belt in a building.
436 BEARDED MAN LOOKING AT PRINTING PRESS.
436 Old man with white beard is looking at colorful poster as they are being printed inside a printshop.
437 An older lady holding a box bends over in a garden to pick up something on a sunny day.
437 A woman in a large backyard garden wearing an apron carries a pan with her pickings as she walks among the plants
437 A woman wearing an apron chooses items from an outdoor garden.
437 A woman wearing a pink apron is picking probably cucumbers in an outdoor vegetable garden.
437 An Asian woman wearing a pink apron harvests vegetables from her garden on a sunny day.
438 kids on skateboards carry sticks with large bumpers on the ends and fight with each other as they skate around
438 Indoor area with sloping sides and man carrying bulky orange on hands skateboards up ramp, turns, and going down runs into another person with same orange hand items, who tumbles and almost falls.
438 Two people are in an indoor skateboard arena playing a game with red and blue poles in their hands.
438 Two men are skateboarding while holding up weights inside a large room while spectators are watching
438 Player play skate board derby in an arena.
439 piano player plays fast then raises hand to turn page in music chart.
439 White man sits at a piano and conducts first with his head, then with one arm indoors at a dark setting.
439 Back view of man sitting at piano playing, another keyboard on his right, and he then raises right hand above his head, then brings in down to touch music score sheet upright on piano.
439 a man sits at a piano rapidly and repeatedly hitting the same few keys then raises his right hand and brings it down quickly
439 A man in a black shirt plays a piano in a dark room.
440 A puppy with a red collar noses around beneath a bush with a tree in the background as music plays.
440 A black puppy sniffs a bush outside.
440 A black dog is smelling near a bush outside on a sunny day.
440 A black dog with a red collar noses around in an outdoor area.
440 A black labrador puppy with a red collar looks up and then sniffs in the grass behind a shrub on a sunny day
441 A man with glasses reads a paper outdoors while a woman seated next to him looks over her shoulder.
441 An older couple sits on a bench overlooking a river, the man reading a paper and the woman looking back over her shoulder.
441 In a city along a river, a man sits reading the paper next to a woman who looks around the back of the bench as traffic streams by below.
441 An older male and female sit together on a bench in a city and she gazes in the distance as he reads a newspaper,
441 An older man and woman are sitting on a bench watching traffic go by outside on a sunny day.
442 Men are riding cargo bikes through a crowd of people on a sunny day.
442 Open cart carries people down crowded street.
442 a bus-like yellow vehicle passes behind a bus full of Asian people in saris
442 People in India on a street car passing by on a busy street during the day.
442 Moving bus with Indian men and women is passing by people and another car in daytime.
443 Parade with white men dressed in uniforms and painted faces drumming outside in daylight next to building and trees.
443 Drummers in costume drum in front of a large building.
443 men with clown makeup on in black and yellow old fashioned military uniforms and hats play drums
443 Seven men play drums and one more mimes all on raised outdoor platform all wearing modified white face make-up and black, green and yellow uniforms of a bygone era,
443 A group of men dressed in soldier costumes are hitting drums outside on a sunny day while people are watching.
444 On sunny day, with trees and tall buildings in distance, two girls and a boy ride skateboards back and forth.
444 a woman in an orange top and blue jeans hesitates to start riding a skateboard and then is shown riding confidently on a plaza
444 Two girls and a boy ride their skateboard around on cement outside on a sunny day.
444 Two women with skateboard in square.
444 Two young white females are skateboarding in front of a wide boulevard lined with trees on a cloudy day.
445 A Hispanic man in a field wearing an urban European t-shirt expresses concern that family farmers don't have sufficient land to grow multiple crops separately.
445 An hispanic-looking man wearing a black tee shirt on which the letters 'Urban Europea' are visible sits on a bench outdoors.
445 A man wearing white pants and black shirt with a motorized bike parked near him, sits outside on a table and talks to someone off camera.
445 A man sitting on a concrete bench, in front of a field with trees in the background, with a motorcycle parked on the side talks to the camera.
445 A man is sitting on a large boulder with a motorcycle next to it speaking into the camera.
446 Two women play the violin while sitting under a tent in the daytime.
446 Two women face each other as they play violins, with one woman bites her lower lip.
446 two women facing each other play violins as movie credits roll by on a screen behind them
446 Two female violinists play as credits roll in background.
446 One young white girl and an older white woman are playing the violin next to a window in daylight.
447 A young woman with long hair plays a cello in a dark room as special effect red lights pulse to a rhythm.
447 A female cellist plays in an indoor music venue.
447 A young woman plays a cello in front of a curtain.
447 With rock music in the background, a woman is shown playing the cello.
447 A woman plays a cello in a dark room.
448 Skateboarder wearing a helmet and gloves going down a hill fast as the sun shines behind him and the trees roll by.
448 Man is skateboarding on a road outdoors in nature during sunlight.
448 Helmeted man on skateboard coasts down paved road with wooded hill on one side.
448 a skateboarder skates along a paved road through a forest
448 A man on a skateboard rides fast on a road on a sunny day.
449 A man and woman are on a stage and the man grabs her around her neck and hugs her,
449 On stage lit by two spotlights, bearded man hugs red haired woman from side as she turns with microphone in hand.
449 a man in a dark t-shirt pretends to grab a woman with bright orange hair in a choke hold and then lets her go
449 Man hugging a woman with a microphone on stage.
449 White male wearing a black cap hugs a white woman who is holding a microphone while both standing on a stage in a dark room.
450 someone trims the beard of a seated man
450 Man sits as his beard is trimmed.
450 A barber shaves a man with a thick beard.
450 White man with beard is sitting in a barber's chair having a shave inside a room.
450 A barber trims a white bearded man's mustache.
451 People congregate on the field after a soccer game as images of game highlights and an awards ceremony are shown at the same time.
451 Women (and men?) play a field sport with a low goal post shown ending in an awards ceremony.
451 A group of people wearing pink shirts show their excitement as one of them runs and slides onto the ground on his stomach outside on a sunny day.
451 Multiple frames depict various activities at an outdoor athletic event.
451 Soccer players mill about on field following a match.
452 Two young Asian boys sit in back of an auto, each wearing seat belts and glasses, talking.
452 two Asian men in white shirts ride in the back of a car moving along a city street
452 Two Asian boys in white shirts are riding in the back seat of a car on a sunny day.
452 Two young Asian men singing in the back of a car.
452 Two Asian young men with glasses are traveling in the car in a city passing buildings and singing during daytime.
453 A skateboarder on a country road with a white top and green shorts leans forward hands behind back as he skates past an orange color portable toilet on wheels.
453 Skate boarder in a white jacket leaning over and skating on a road in the countryside passing part of a red truck in sunlight.
453 Man crouches on skateboard which he rides up paved road in daytime beside grassy fields.
453 a skateboarder in a white sweatshirt bends forward as he coasts past a small orange trailer on a paved path between an empty parking lot and grassy area in a rural park
453 A person skateboarding passes a large orange water station outside on a sunny day.
454 A kite flies in the wind in a country setting.
454 A kite flies over vast green fields on a sunny day.
454 A kite flies over a green pastureland on a bright day.
454 A kite flies over a verdant field at sunset.
454 A videotape of rolling acres of land on a sunny day.
455 Young white man in red T-shirt sits and talks in barren nature with a group of hikers walking by next to a wooden footbridge .
455 Man sitting by river as hikers walk by.
455 on a sunny, windy day, a man in an orange shirt talks to the camera as a group of hikers walk along a path and cross a bridge over a muddy stream in a steep-sided valley
455 A man wearing sunglasses, sits on the ground, talks and looks at wristwatch as a number of people walk in the distance strung out against bare slopes.
455 Men are crossing a small wooden bridge while a man in an orange shirt speaks into the camera.
456 Two cars come to a stop while a train passes by on a sunny day.
456 Train goes through intersection as lights flash red and two cars come to stop.
456 in a town, two cars pull up to a train crossing and stop as a freight train passes.
456 Two cars approach a train crossing as the train passes by.
456 Two cars, one white, the other black come and stand at a railroad crossing as the train is passing at dusk
457 A crowd of onlookers cheers and makes noise at probably a soccer match.
457 A man in a black T shirt holding two flares tosses one from a sideline crowd at a soccer match.
457 A man with burning lights stands out in a crowd watching a soccer match on a warm day on a grass field.
457 Men watching a sports match are in a large group and a couple of them have flares.
457 A man surrounded by other men stands holding fireworks outside on a sunny day.
458 A shirtless man in swimming trunks stands near a small blue boat.
458 A bare-chested man in swim trunks with horizontal stripes stands in the water near a blue motorboat near mangrove trees on shore as the sun shines above.
458 A young man stands in a lagoon where a motorboat is sitting in the water, speaks to someone off camera, looks at his navel, and leaves the shot.
458 A man in a bathing suit walks in shallow water next to an outboard motor boat that is tied up to the shore,
458 A young man with brown hair and striped swim trunks wades next to his blue motor boat stopped along a wooded stream.
459 In house against window with closed venetian blinds, a man and woman sit as man talks to young boy sitting close to them who smiles and talks while holding his hands together.
459 a boy in a yellow and black t-shirt with a design on its front shyly answers a question from a man in a black shirt seated next to a woman in a purple top who is between him and the boy
459 A couple are talking to a little boy sitting in a wheelchair inside a room in the daytime.
459 Man asks a kid a question and the kid answers.
459 An adult white women and an adult white man talking with a young boy while another small child is listening in a room next to closed blinds.
460 A woman with her hair in a towel gets something rubbed into her skin by someone off camera.
460 A woman lies on a towel-covered table wrapped in a towel and with one on her hair, and she smiles as an attendant paddles the skin on her neck.
460 A young woman laying on her back with a turban around her head receives a facial massage.
460 A woman with black hair and black eyelashes wearing a white terrycloth headband receives a neck massage.
460 A woman is giving a spa treatment to a woman who is lying on her back under a cover.
461 A little boy in a yellow shirt is being called by someone to come towards them and he takes a step back in a room with other children.
461 Blond haired woman sits at open door of a class room and talks to two young children, motioning them out the door.
461 a young man with shaggy blonde hair holds a microphone in a crowded classroom and tries to coax a boy into talking with him.
461 A young man in a classroom asking kids wearing yellow tops to come in
461 White young man is speaking to a white small boy who doesn't cooperate while other children are watching indoors in a day-care setting lit by artificial light.
462 A man and two women sit at a red table sit listening to a lecture as the woman in a brown dress takes notes inside the hall.
462 A man and 4 women are seen listening to someone speak off camera while they are seated at round orange table with microphones and 1 woman takes notes.
462 Men and women are sitting around small tables taking notes and listening and to someone talk.
462 A blond woman wearing black sits behind two microphones on a table while a second woman writes in a pad, and a man sits by with his arms folded.
462 A young man and three young women, two seated at a small red table with microphones and one seated at a small table with a laptop, listen to a man's presentation.
463 A white woman with purple tights and a black top is of a wooden gym machine stretching her arms down and touching the top part
463 Woman's legs are working on an exercise machine guided by another woman inside a room.
463 Womans lower torso shown as she leans on wooden counter of an exercise machine as she presses one bare foot on moveable bar.
463 a woman in blue and black leotards leans onto a bench and pushes her foot down on a spring mounted platform as a woman in black leotards stands behind her
463 A woman in purple tights uses her foot on a pilates chair in a room.
464 A young male black haired surfer wearing a white t-shirt and black trunks does a 360 degree turn as he rides a big wave
464 A male surfer wearing shorts and a white tee shirt does a complete spin in the air with his board before landing on the wave again.
464 A surfer rides and a wave and does a trick
464 A man in a white shirt and black tight shorts rides on a surf board on a wave and heads to the shore.
464 A man is surfing big waves in an ocean outside.
465 A graffiti artist slowly paints a dark green line On his painting of bright green yellow and orange.
465 A person paints on some surface.
465 A hand holds a paintbrush and applies pastel stripes of paint to a surface.
465 A person's hand holding a medium-wide brush draws curved black lines on a canvas of multi-colored vertical stripes.
465 Someone is painting a multi colored area.
466 Woman with dark hair and wearing dark hat with silver pin on side, sits as hand using large then smaller brushes applies makeup to her face.
466 someone applies makeup to an Asian woman's face
466 A bride is having her makeup done in a room.
466 Young woman with big earrings gets a makeup.
466 Young Asian woman sits as someone is applying blush and lipstick to her face inside a room nest to window.
467 A man is leaning over a wall painting graffiti on a wall outside.
467 A man in a white t-shirt hangs over a flat room and paints graffiti on a white wall of a building at dusk on a city street.
467 A person with a paint roller is on top of a brick building, leaning over to roll paint on a surface that they are tagging.
467 A man in a white tee shirt uses a roller to paint on an exterior brick wall.
467 Leaning over a white brick wall a man with black hair uses a roller to fill in a gray area on his graffiti painting.
468 A female dancer wearing sunglasses lays a scarf on a gym floor.
468 As Latin music plays, a female modern dancer in a green dress struts out to the center of a gymnasium floor, puts on a pair of sunglasses, looks up, and lays down fabric in the shape of a beach towel.
468 A young woman in a green short dress prances into a basketball gym inside and lays down a towel on the polished floor.
468 A young woman into s gym and spreads a scarf onto the floor.
468 A woman in a green dress walks out onto a gymnasium floor with a towel in her hand and lays it down in front of her.
469 A man in a black shirt speaks into the camera in a room with a cartoon wall.
469 Man identified on screen as Tin Johnson is in front of colourful screen depicting cartoon like flying red car and space bubbles.
469 a balding man in a dark blue suit and dark brown shirt talks and gestures in from of a screen with cartoon and bubble images
469 Balding Man dressed in black with glasses speaks while behind him is colorful art.
469 White male adult with thinning hair and glasses talks next to a board filled with images of a car and bubbles.
470 An older man in a green baseball cap and a plaid shirt looks after women walking on a shopping street in tight jeans and then looks back toward the camera.
470 A man in flannel shirt and green cap sees a dressed up older woman on a street among younger casually dressed women and looks at the camera after he notices her.
470 A man in a green hat watches a group of ladies walk by on a street on a sunny day.
470 A man in a green cap watches pedestrians pass on a city street.
470 A man wearing a green and blue plaid shirt and a green cap looks over his left shoulder down the street as four women pass and then looks back over his right shoulder.
471 At night, person rolls cart past glassed windows and door.
471 a man in black wheels a cart full of stuff down an alley away from the camera and around a corner as the camera moves toward a gated area with a few people walking around inside it
471 A person pushes a shopping cart through a fenced area at dusk.
471 Woman pushes cart through alley behind warehouse.
471 Person dressed in black pushes a cart toward a fenced in storage area at nighttime.
472 Man works a big machine that pushes earth toward the side while another person is watching during daylight in a bare area.
472 An earth mover pushes dirt as a man with helmet looks on.
472 a bulldozer pushes sand over the edge of an embankment
472 Man operates bulldozer to move pile of dirt to fall down incline.
472 A man on a bulldozer moves dirt on a sunny day.
473 While skydiving a group of sky divers are holding hands then break loose and skydive individually on a sunny day.
473 Ten people hold hands as they drop from a plane over a farm landscape before they let go of each other, still without their parachutes open.
473 A group of skydivers that has jumped out of a plane are in a circle formation before some of them break the circle prior to opening their chutes.
473 A group of skydivers forms a circle as they descend on a sunny day.
473 A group of skydivers perform an aerial stunt filmed by Randy Forbes.
474 Red and yellow flowers grow by the grass and front steps in front of the house during a sunny day.
474 Red and white tulips shown in a garden next to steps on a sunny day.
474 Tulips grow and bloom at either side of cement steps.
474 the camera lingers on red and yellow tulips next to some stairs
474 A video is being taken of red and yellow tulips located on the side of a set of steps with an iron railing of on a sunny day.
475 A man slides down a road to the side and a skateboard follows him.
475 In a competition venue outside for skateboarders, a contestant wearing a helmet loses his skateboard and slides on the ground off the track.
475 A man in a green shirt rides on a skateboard close to the ground outside on a sunny day.
475 A skateboarder in a green T shirt comes to a stop after sliding down a hill on his hands and knees next to his skateboard.
475 A skateboarder wearing a helmet and green tee shirt falls while coming downhill on a paved road.
476 Man wearing checkered long sleeve shirt stands behind woman wearing purple, holding her against him with left arm around her and right hand on her arm swinging it back and forth as she smiles, daytime outdoors with lake water in background.
476 A smiling young woman in a blue dress is held by a smiling young man in a blue and white checked shirt who moves her hand, which is holding a flat stone, back and forth.
476 A man in a plaid shirt shows a woman in a blue dress how to throw a rock into the water on a sunny day.
476 man teaching a woman to slow stones in the body of water
476 Young white man with brown hair holds a young white woman with short blonde hair while showing her how to throw a stone into the water,
477 A young Asian boy carries bunches of harvested rice through a rice paddy.
477 A shirtless Asian-looking boy drags two bags through shallow water in daylight.
477 Children gather rush grasses from a body of water outdoors.
477 In southeast Asia, a brown boy drags rice plants, a big bunch in each hand, through the water past other works working in the pond.
477 A small child is holding grass in his hands as he walks through water on a sunny day.
478 At night with street lights extending in curved line, woman wearing red beret and green jacket looks at her lighted phone and laughs before walking off.,
478 a woman in an orange beret and green snow jacket talks to a cell phone as she walks through a dark area with many seated people around
478 A woman in a red hat walks around some poles in the dark.
478 Young white woman with green jacket and a red hat looks at her phone as she walk at night into a venue.
478 Young white woman with a red cap looks at her cell phone and walks toward other people outside in the dark.
479 Man with white shirts and flowers on lapels cheer in a field.
479 A group of 8 white men wearing white shirts and ties, are standing outdoors and smiling in daylight.
479 Number of men, all wearing long sleeved white shirts, stand around man who raises arms and hands outside.
479 a group of men in white shirts, grey slacks, and flowers jump and pat another man on the pack
479 A group of groomsmen circle around each other outside on a sunny day.
480 Young white man kicks a bicycle upright and rides away in a fenced in court at day time.
480 A white young man with a blue plaid shirt black t shirt and tan pants flips a black bike upright with his foot then rides away in a concrete bike and skate park outdoors.
480 a young man in a blue and white checked shirt walks up to a small bike lying on the pavement, kicks a pedal to stand it up, and gets on it and rides away
480 On cement playing field against large cement wall, man raises bike by stepping on pedals, then mounts and rides away.
480 A young man in a plaid shirt flips a bike up off the ground with one foot then rides it away on a sunny day.
481 People in canoes ride down a river on a sunny day.
481 Red, yellow and blue inflatable boats. each having one paddler and luggage, navigate calm shallow waters between grassy field and trees under sunny sky.
481 men paddle down a quiet river in inflatable canoes
481 4 inflatable boats ,2 red, one blue and one yellow paddle slow down river with trees on both banks during the day.
481 Four canoes pedaling with one person sitting in each canoe loaded with bags on a river near trees at daylight.
482 Man kneels in front of a mall Santa as the Santa motions him to sit next to him.
482 Older white man in a Santa Claus suit sits down in front of a Christmas tree inside a shopping mall while a man wearing a white vest sits down in front of him and bows his head.
482 Man in Santa costume sits in front of panel of miniature lights when another man comes forward and stoops in front of him.
482 In a department store, a young man in a white vest, light blue denim jeans, and a white baseball cap walks up Santa, gets down on one knee and talks when Santa moves his right arm so the hand rests on an armrest
482 A man dressed like an elf kneels in front of a man dressed like Santa Claus sitting in front of a Christmas Tree.
483 A man speaks to a person off camera as he stands in front of a white wall cabinet and sips from a glass of clear liquid that he is holding.
483 A dark-haired man in a kitchen in daylight raises a glass to his lips to sip the brown liquid it holds.
483 A man in a black shirt standing in a kitchen drinking a glass of water and talking to another person.
483 A young dark haired man is chewing and takes a sip of water as he looks at another dark haired man with his back to the camera.
483 A man in a black shirt takes a drink of a clear liquid in a glass.
484 An African man holds up a black and white mask inside a room.
484 Black man stands in shop and with one hand holds up a black and white construct and talks.
484 a black man in a bright green and yellow shirt holds up and describes a black and white object
484 A young African man with a gold yellow and green shirt demonstrate a black and white mask in a room with yellow and brown walls.
484 Black man is holding up an artwork, which is white on one side and black on the other, inside a room with yellow walls.
485 People are riding their bikes through a tunnel with lights on.
485 Several bicycle-riders pedal down a long, well-lighted tunnel.
485 People ride high seated bikes through a lit, tiled tunnel.
485 Bicyclists ride through a lighted tunnel.
485 A woman and man dressed in winter jackets ride very tall seated bicycles through a well-lit tunnel.
486 Man in uniform is closing the gate to a cell while another person is inside.
486 Man closes jails cell door.
486 a man slowly walks along grasping the bars of a zoo cage with a monkey inside
486 Black jacketed man moves to hold bars on barred sliding door which is closed.
486 A man closes an iron gate in a building.
487 Woman plays guitar and sings as another woman with triangle sings along to people holding on to slanting bars and overhead handles.
487 two women sing and play guitar on a crowded subway car
487 Three young women are dancing and singing and playing a guitar on a train while others watch.
487 Three women singing and dancing as one plays the guitar on a train or bus.
487 Three latin young women are talking and performing in a subway using guitar and rhythm instruments while passengers observe them.
488 A man wearing protective gloves unloads items from a box in an office.
488 In a windowless room, a man wearing white gloves takes book-like packages off a cart in what might be a library.
488 A man moves folders off of a shelf onto a cart in a room filled with office material.
488 A man wearing soft gloves carefully removes two old books from a shelf
488 A dark-skinned man picks up two file folders from a shelf indoors.
489 Young racially diverse men in a large room face the camera in front of a white wall with an exit sign as they begin to move to fluid music and then whirl around.
489 Young people participate in a creative movement class.
489 A group of dancers makes slow moves on a dance floor inside a room.
489 A group of people practices coordinated movements in an indoor space.
489 A group of young people of different races look forward as they move fluidly and suddenly all turn around.
490 A male skateboarder all in black gets one foot caught at the top of a skateboard wall on which a ghost is painted.
490 A skate boarder does a stunt on a piece of concrete.
490 A young man on a skateboard goes up a slanted wall and his foot comes off the board and gets stuck.
490 A skateboarder wearing black pants and shirt catches his leg on an outdoor wall.
490 A skateboarder with black hair and beard dressed in black catches his leg on a small skateboard ramp in front of a brick wall, both covered in graffiti.
491 On a sunny day, people ride on the top of a double decker bus through a historic area in a city.
491 Passengers ride on the top deck of a bus on a city street.
491 People ride an open air tram on a beautiful day.
491 Tourists on the top of a double-decker bus are driven down a road in a neighborhood with older buildings on the right and tall new buildings on the left.
491 People ride on an open two level bus on a sunny day.
492 A bride and groom are kissing outside on a sunny day.
492 Blond man and woman, who wears flower and pearls in her hair, kiss several times and she smiles and looks down.
492 a young blonde woman in a white furry collar kisses a young man in a suit
492 white blond young Bride and Groom kiss and smile in the park by the back car.
492 Young white man and a young white woman are kissing on the mouth several times outdoors near green bushes in daylight.
493 a man sitting in front of a blackboard with equations on it wipes his head with crumpled paper and shakes his head
493 Man sits on floor in front of wall divided into chalk board on top and wooden wall below all scribbled with mathematical formulas, and holds papers in one hand on top of his head, then lowers them partially blocking face.
493 A man sits on the floor of a classroom sobbing.
493 Young man sits on the floor, with his knees drawn up, visibly upset, holding a white paper, under a blackboard filled with mathematical formulas in a classroom indoors.
493 Man sits distraught clutching papers in classroom.
494 A group of people are horseback riding on a riding trail outside on a cloudy day.
494 A man and a woman ride horses on a dirt road far behind others in the group in a hilly, grassy environment.
494 People ride horses in a group on a dirt road among mountains.
494 A group of horseback riders go down a dirt road in the mountains.
494 Eight people on horseback ride a dirt trail through lush grasslands with rolling green mountains in the background.
495 A shrimp dish cooks in a pan.
495 A man explains how he prepares shrimp stir fry and vegetables.
495 A man talks over a wok with shrimp and vegetables on a stove with a wooden spoon beside the stove.
495 Shrimp and green herbs are sauteed on a stove top in a pan with a wooden spoon on the side.
495 A person is demonstrating cooking shrimp in a pan on a stove.
496 A kneeling man looks at a paper and allows it to fall out of his hand outside next to a wall on a sunny day.
496 A man in a checkered shirt is squatting against a building wall and stands so that a newspaper sheet blows into the gutter in an outside setting.
496 a man squats and leans against a wall to read a piece of paper which he discards before standing up and brushing off his hands.
496 A young man who is squatting on a sidewalk drops a piece of paper, stands, and slaps his hands together.
496 An Asian man crouched before a wall tosses away a newspaper and then stands up and wipes his hands.
497 A seated man wearing an orange tee shirt outdoors shows a shoe to a woman seated on a bench next to him.
497 In a park with a cannon in the background, a man demonstrates a hiking boot next to a woman seated on a rustic bench, both in bright pink T shirts.
497 A man and a woman in phosphorescent pink shirts sit in a parklike setting, with the woman sitting on a stone bench and the man demonstrating something about a hiking shoe.
497 2 people in matching shirts sit outside and 1 talks about a hiking shoe for a minute.
497 A man in a pink shirt talks into the camera while holding a shoe in his hand outside on a sunny day.
498 people spread a very large deep green and yellow cloth out on a flat field
498 At a distance several people pull on one edge of a deflated air balloon with open fields all around.
498 A group of people try to shift a large green and white parachute laying on the ground on a sunny day.
498 Four people standing in a field stretching out a big green and yellow plastic over the fields while another man with a camera is watching them, at daytime on a sunny day.
498 Five men in a field 3 wearing black one yellow and one red shirts are pulling on a very large yellow and green tarp with a farm and trees in the background under clear skies during the day.
499 A man in a tuxedo comes up to a photographer with a hat on along a street in a city setting, during daylight
499 A dressed up man and a man in wool jacket and cap examine a camera on a city street.
499 A man dressed in a tuxedo walks over to a man holding a 35mm camera outside on a sunny day.
499 A man in formal wear speaks on a city street to a man holding a camera.
499 A young man in a gray jacket and gray cap holding a camera prepares to take a photograph of a young man with black hair and mustache dressed in black tie.
500 A woman with long straight blond hair in a short-sleeved white shirt stands talking in front of an indoor stairway and waves her hand as she ends.
500 A woman stands in front of a staircase indoors, makes a short statement and waves.
500 A woman with blond hair is standing in front of the camera talking in a living room.
500 Woman wearing jeans and a pink top and standing by a staircase and behind an arrangement of roses in a vase speaks and waves.
500 A blonde woman wearing white t-shirt and jeans standing front of a white staircase wants to hear from the people she is addressing.
501 A man taking a photo of a bride demonstrates how he is doing it outside on a sunny day.
501 A woman with her hair pulled back in a strapless white dress poses against a black bannister outside in from of a brick wall as a photographer takes pictures and explains what he's doing.
501 A dressed up woman in white poses for a photographer in front of terra cotta tiled steps.
501 A person takes an outdoor picture of a woman in a wedding gown.
501 A woman in a white long dress standing on a tile staircase outdoors poses as a photographer holding a digital camera demonstrates its use.
502 A young white girl skiing cross country in snow covered woods followed by another person cross country skiing behind her in daytime.
502 Two people walking with Skis in snowy woods.
502 two cross-country skiers go slowly through deep snow under a bent over tree and through scattered shrubs
502 Two people on skis and with poles, move slowly through snowy wooded area.
502 Two young skiers use their poles and walk through snowy woods.
503 the camera pans in on an orange and white arrow sign above the crash rail of a road in a forest
503 At side of paved road, a sign with an arrow pointing to right sits behind metal fence.
503 A video of a curve on a mountain side with red arrows alerting the driver of a sharp curve.
503 A road with 2 signs warning for a curve in the road next to a forest during a cloudy day.
503 Sharp Turn red and white caution signs behind the metal gray rail with trees in the background on a mountain road during the day.
504 White young woman dressed in black is walking around a bronze statue of a woman, in an art gallery
504 woman explains a naked woman's statue.
504 in a museum, a woman in a black dress walks around a bronze statue of woman in a tight bathing suit, describing it
504 A slim woman in sleeveless black dress talks as she walks around a bronze statue of a nude woman in a large white walled room.
504 A woman in a black dress walks around a bronze statue in a room with white walls
505 In a village playground, a dark-haired boy in a white t-shirt shoots a bag of powder against the red-shirted young man who is playing with him amid trees in daylight.
505 At an outdoor day camp, 1 boy throws a water balloon which breaks and wets another boy.
505 A boy in white shirt throws a water balloon at another boy wearing an orange shirt and running away.
505 A boy in an outdoor park area hits another boy in the back with a water balloon.
505 A dark haired boy in a white T shirt throws a water balloon at an older boy in an orange T shirt at a block party.
506 A woman in a white blouse makes adjustments to a brown skirt she is wearing.
506 A woman wearing a white blouse demonstrates how to tie a brown print wraparound skirt.
506 A woman in a white shirt shows how a finely-patterned cloth wraps around her waist as she models it.
506 A person demonstrates how to wrap a garment around oneself properly.
506 A woman demonstrates how to put on a wrap skirt.
507 2 teams play a game on ice wearing ice skates and 1 team scores some points against the other.
507 In an indoor hockey venue, a player in a white jersey shuttles the puck and hits it toward the goal of the blue shirted team.
507 Men are in a hockey rink playing ice hockey.
507 In the third quarter of a hockey game, the blue team takes a shot at goal as the white team defends.
507 Scoreboard says BSW leads WAA 6-3 as teams play hockey.in an ice rink.
508 A person on a bike attached to a wheel chair is riding someone through a black wrought iron gate on a cloudy day.
508 On cloudy day, man drives bike which pushes attached reclining wheelchair configuration as another follows.
508 people slowly pedal cycles with wide seats in the front along a road in a fenced area
508 Tricycle rickshaw approaching a gate to a house.
508 Man in red jacket cycles on a tricycle taking a person sitting in front of him as they approach a house on a cloudy day
509 Young man with a mustache sunglasses and black hair is sitting in a cockpit speaking into the headset with empty seats behind.
509 White young man with sunglasses and a mustache wears a headphone with microphone sits on an airplane in daylight.
509 Man sits in a vehicle which has stylistic picture of a plane on a headrest, wear seatbelt, headphones and a microphone, into which he talks while pointing.
509 a mustached man wearing headphones, a mike, and dark glasses and sitting in a space with long windows, padded seats speaks and points to things outside the windows
509 A man in a white shirt and a set of headsets is talking in a vehicle during the day.
510 Man wearing helmet rides bike slowly uphill, standing on pedals and going side to side, then slows getting ready to dismount as he reaches numerous bikes laying on sides with several men standing and several sitting.
510 a man in a blue shirt and black shorts struggles as he rides a bicycle up a steep hill to other people standing near several bikes lying on the ground
510 A man in a blue shirt on a bicycle struggles to climb a hill to join others standing on a road on a sunny day.
510 Bike rider struggles uphill.
510 Young man in a blue shirt and helmet, is bicycling uphill on his bike and reaches the top of the hill where other people are waiting for him in daylight outdoors.
511 a bearded man and a woman sit in front of flower beds in front of a busy street
511 Man and woman, who puts head on man's shoulder, sit on bench in front of garden with flowers and shrubbery around tall orange obelisk.
511 A man and a woman sit on a park bench near blooming flowers on a sunny day.
511 Man sits on a bench while a woman leans her head against his shoulder in a park next to a busy street on a sunny day.
511 Middle age white man and a woman with black hair sitting on a park bench during the day.
512 A man in a moving car is getting ready to be sick and needs to be let out.
512 Three middle-eastern men sit in the front of a truck as one of them starts to retch.
512 a man in a stopped van keeps a cloth over his hand and winces in pain.
512 A bearded man who appears to be in pain is a passenger in a truck.
512 A driver stops an old green vehicle as a man in the passenger seat leans out over an open window, visibly sick.
513 A man in a winter white jacket and snow goggles stands by a tray of red plastic cups as someone tries to bounce a ball into a cup, and a ski lift operates in the background.
513 A male in ski garb plays a game outdoors with red plastic cups and a ping pong ball.
513 Someone is throwing balls into red cups and a man in a white jacket is collecting them outside on a sunny day.
513 A man wearing a white jacket and a helmet and goggles in a mountain ski area picks up a red plastic cup from a table.
513 A man in a blue, pink, and white ski jacket and a white helmet with reflective goggles is playing beer pong with red cups at a ski resort.
514 A foggy figure in a canoe turns in a lake as seen from the shore.
514 A person paddles a boat on a morning before the sun has burned off the mist off of the water.
514 A person is out on the water on a small boat on a cloudy day.
514 A canoeist paddles through mist on a lake.
514 A man in a rowboat in the distance on a lake surrounded by evergreens is barely visible in heavy fog.
515 Large indoor setting of an aquarium and lines of people walk but and view scenes behind huge plate glass.
515 people walk along a very large aquarium tank and point to the fishes
515 People are gather at glass windows in an aquarium watching the fish swim.
515 A woman is pointing at an aquarium at an exhibition with many visitors around.
515 People are standing and walking thru a terrace overlooking water on a clear night
516 a man sings an aria as a man and two women stand behind him staring up to the right
516 Man holds upper arms of woman wearing white jacket as they look upwards on a dark night.
516 Four actors are on stage performing in the dark with a light shining on a woman dressed in a white dress.
516 Two white men and two white women standing on a stage performing opera indoors with one of the man singing.
516 A man is holding a woman as another couple stands near, on an Opera stage.
517 A young man attempts to ride his bike up an incline and when he reaches the top he falls off and the bike falls back down the incline.
517 A man all in white with a white helmet rides his bicycle up the side of a u-shaped segment and tries to turn around but fails as his bicycle slips down to the bottom.
517 A bike rider performs a trick at an outdoor course.
517 A man in a white tee shirt and helmet crashes his bicycle while attempting a trick.
517 A young man wearing a white shirt, white helmet, and black pants executes a stunt with his bike in a graffiti covered skate park.
518 Man dressed as some fantasy character walks on a platform under a sign saying 'Myrtle Ave Station.'
518 A ghoul with darkened eyes, pointed ears, pointed teeth, and hands held in front of him walks through the Myrtle Ave station at night.
518 A man in dark clothes walks down a city street at night dressed as a vampire.
518 A person in a frightening costume walks along an urban street at night.
518 A man dressed in a scary costume walks down a street during the night.
519 Two men, each with two walking sticks, go down grassy field towards vista of low mountains.
519 people walk away from the camera toward a gap in a stone wall leading to a pine grove
519 Three people are hiking out on a path near trees on a sunny day.
519 Two hikers walking up to a person at the gate in the mountains.
519 Two people with walking sticks are walking outdoors in nature near trees, while ahead of another person walks during daylight.
520 A man wearing a gray jacket and black pants rides a bike fast on an open road on a sunny day.
520 A rider wearing a grey jacket peddles a bicycle on a road.
520 A person's rear end fills the screen as they are filmed form the back while riding their bike.
520 The camera on the back of a bicycle films a person in a grey jacket pedaling under a cloudy blue sky along an open road in a city.
520 A man in a pair of jeans rides a bike on a sunny day.
521 Rock climber climbs as another looks on.
521 Man carrying climbing equipment is walking up a steep rocky mountain while another person is watching from below on a cloudy day
521 A man climbs a rocky cliff face as another watches from below.
521 a man with lots of equipment on his belt climbs a steep smooth faced cliff while a partner on the ground holds his safety ropes
521 A man climbs and walks up a mountain side while another man watches from below outside on a sunny day.
522 two cage fighters fight as the ref watches to see what is happening
522 On white floor with black marks, men in shorts and wearing boxing gloves tussle on floor as man in referee clothes closely watches.
522 Two men are wrestling as the referee and spectators watch.
522 Two people are wrestling in a boxing arena while a referee is watching them closely.
522 Two fighters fight in an arena with a judge watching.
523 Man torturing a tied and head covered man.
523 Young Hispanic man leans ever a person who is tied up in a very dark room.
523 A large camera is positioned on left and darkened room where dark haired man holding screwdriver in right hand threatens hunched figure in black, tied with ropes.
523 a man in a black jacket in front of a camera threatens a person with a stocking hat covering his face crouching on the floor and then turns to look at someone behind the camera
523 A man dressed in black is attempting to stab a person tied up in an acting scene.
524 White young blonde woman talks to an asian woman with a missing tooth, both sitting on a sidewalk at daylight.
524 woman talks to young child sitting on floor.
524 a blonde white woman looks into the mouth of an Asian woman who has some teeth missing
524 Blond white woman uses both hands to hold shoulder of asian boy with gap between front top teeth who rolls head and holds mouth open as they both kneel on pavement.
524 A blonde woman interacts with a boy with disabilities sitting on the floor in a room.
525 A parked police car and white crossover vehicle are seen on a narrow city street when there is no other activity going on.
525 A long white SUV slowly drives up a darkened street of shops, past a police car as a cricket-like sound plays like an alert.
525 A white car passes a parked police car on a street in the evening.
525 A white station wagon slowly rolls past a police car parallel parked on a street in Madrid at night.
525 A white station wagon moves down a city street at night past a parked police car.
526 A parachutist wearing a helmet descends in a clear blue sky.
526 A man in a bright yellow hang glider is drifting against a clear blue sky.
526 A hang-glider with a yellow sail glides against a cloudless blue sky.
526 A para sailor glides with the sky behind them.
526 A person with a yellow hand glider is sailing through the sky on a sunny day.
527 A man carrying two large boxes on his back is climbing a long hill.
527 A young man carrying a satchel in one hand and two large cardboard boxes on his back walks along a lake with snowcapped mountains in the distance.
527 A hiker wearing a cap climbs a path away from a lake and up a hill with two huge cartons strapped to a holder on his back, against a cloudy sky.
527 A male carrying a large box on his back walks in a rural area making a hand salutation to acknowledge someone off camera as he passes.
527 A man with two boxes on his back hikes up a hill on a cloudy day.
528 A man is hanging colorful fabric on a clothes line outside on a sunny day.
528 A grey-haired man attaches clothes pins to brightly colored rugs hanging on an outside clothesline.
528 A man clips clothes pins to items hanging on a clothes line.
528 A man in a plaid shirt puts clothespins on a possible carpet hanging on a clothes line.
528 A man with graying black hair clips a striped rug to a clothesline with turquoise clothespins.
529 a young man drives a slightly older man in a car with a large die hanging from the mirror as the older man speaks and the younger man nods agreement and points to something outside the car on the passenger's side
529 Two men ride in car during daylight, one man talks and driver takes hands off steering wheel and makes two handed gesture.
529 Two men are riding in a car a talking outside on a sunny day.
529 Two Hispanic men, one with black mustache are in a moving car, while the driver holds up his fingers as a piece sign as the other talks to him, in daylight.
529 Two young men in a car with hanging Dice talking as they drive on a street in the daytime.
530 Jean clad person rides bike backward in circles on paved area.
530 shows only the legs of a person in blue jeans as it makes backward circles on a bicycle
530 A person with Chuck Taylor tennis shoes on rides a bicycle backwards on a sunny day.
530 A rider wearing jeans and white sneakers on a white road bike doing circles on the asphalt outside.
530 A person with blue jeans and white tennis shoes rides his bike round and round on a road near a curb outdoors in daylight.
531 Man sitting at a desk with a computer and a medicine bottle in an office. with some equipment across him.
531 Man speaking Asian language mulls his hands as he speaks sitting in an office at a brown desk with a laptop and a bottle of pills and a napkin.
531 the camera focuses on the hands of a man sitting in front of a laptop on a long brown table in a white room with a lot of equipment along the walls
531 Man's hands clasp and unclasp on table where computer screen is lit and an open bottle with picture of cat and dog sits, as script in Asian words and script appears at bottom of screen.
531 A man sits at the table with his fingers interlocked and next to a vitamin bottle inside a room.
532 A man in red swim trunks clings to a rocky outcrop and pushes off to splash into the rock-lined swimming pool.
532 A boy in red swimsuit drops backwards off some low rocks into the water as a boy in black swimsuit goes back up the rocks.
532 A man in red swimming trunks is climbing rocks and falls into the body of water below him outside on a sunny day.
532 A young man in a red bathing suit jumps from rocks into a pool.
532 A young man with red swim trunks clings to the side of a rocky cliff and then jumps into the pool below.
533 A skater in a white cap falls while attempting a trick in a skate park.
533 A young man wearing a back facing white cap roller blades up a ramp at a skate park, slips, and slides back down the ramp.
533 An in-line skater on an open plaza skates up a curved wall and loses his footing but recovers it to continue on the paved area near a line of trees.
533 A roller skater goes up and down the concrete surfaces fluidly in a small skate park.
533 A young man rides his skateboard on a skate wall outside on a sunny day.
534 White young adult with black hair and glasses is hugged by a white young man wearing a red scarf during a sport event and gives him the thumbs up sign.
534 two young Hispanic males smile and give the thumbs up to the camera.
534 one of two very excited young men touches the ground and stands up giving a thumps up and is patted on the back by his companion
534 Indoor in large 2-story room, young man wearing glasses and smiling rises from bent position as older man wearing soft white head covering places arm over his shoulders and both do a thumbs up gesture.
534 Two young men are excited and give the thumbs up in a room with other people.
535 A man in costume performs in front of a microphone, waving his arms.
535 In front of an indoor standing microphone a man with a long beard and a hat with a daisy on it in a voluminous robe gesticulates and says, 'Get more gay.'
535 A man dressed like a woman is on a dark stage talking into a microphone.
535 A man in black pants, a long blonde wig, flowers on his head, and draped in fabric gives an avantgarde performance on a dark stage.
535 A man in a cape-like costume performs on stage in an indoor venue.
536 Indoors, man wearing headphone sits at table on which are newspapers and a microphone and talks to two people sitting on other side who are also wearing headphones.
536 a man in front of a grey stone block wall speaks into a microphone while facing two others who are also in front of microphones
536 Two men and a woman are sitting at a table with headphones on and are talking into a microphone.
536 A Radio host talking to a man and a woman in a studio with newspapers in front of him..
536 Two white men and one white woman are sitting around a table with a spread out newspaper, wearing headphones and next to a stone wall in daylight, while one man speaks.
537 Kids play running around a circle indoors.
537 Small children of different races are playing a game on a street during daylight.
537 Children sit on concrete floor and one young boy walks around back of several, tapping another boy on the back who gets up and chases after him.
537 an Asian boy goes around a circle of other children tapping them on the head when one of them jumps up and chases him until he finds an open place in the circle and sits
537 A little boy plays duck duck duck goose with a group of kids sitting on the floor in a room.
538 A woman in a red dress walks across a green lawn parallel to tall trees, and a sound effect like a click announces her showing up advanced on her path.
538 A person is seen at different points in the sequence of crossing a field with tress in the distance.
538 A woman in a red dress walks across a field on a sunny day.
538 A person wearing a skirt walks along a path in a field in bright sunlight.
538 A white woman in a red backless dress walks across an expansive grassy area bordered by trees on a sunny day.
539 A Caucasian woman hair blows as she rides in a boat in water on a sunny day.
539 Blond woman wears sunglasses and her blows about as she rides in boat.
539 the hair of a smiling young woman blows around her face as rides in the front of a boat heading out past a hillside town
539 A young white woman with striped top blond hair sunglasses is on a boat smiling in the wind with the view of the rocky coastline on a sunny day.
539 White young woman with long hair blowing in the wind sits in a boat in waters smiling at the view of the mountain and water during daylight.
540 A man in red swim trunks walks from the deck to the helm of a large sailboat.
540 Man in a red bathing suit climbs flight of stairs to the bridge of a power cruiser at sea.
540 A man in red swim trunks moves about on a boat from deck to cabin as other people sit on deck.
540 A man in red swim trunks climbs from the deck of a large sailing boat and starts climbing downstairs.
540 A man in red swim trunks walks across a boat with people on it in the ocean on a sunny day.
541 A woman speaks from a podium in an auditorium.
541 A woman at a podium wearing a black polo and name tag shares her orientation story with several photos projected on the wall behind her.
541 A woman in a darkened room makes a presentation to a seated audience with a large screen showing a team line-up next to a picture of a barracks setting.
541 A woman addresses a group from a podium with a slide show projected above her.
541 A woman stands at a podium speaking with a video playing behind her on a screen in a large room.
542 On grass, in front of large tree, three rows of people, men, women, black and white, one row kneeling and one standing, all raise both hands up.
542 a group of about 50 people kneeling in three rows stand up in unison and raise their arms
542 A group of people kneel and stand in a group and hold their hands up in excitement outside near a large tree on a sunny day.
542 Group of people cheer and raise hands for a picture.
542 Large group pf people of different races are sitting in three rows, standing up raising their arms and cheering outdoors under a tree in daylight on a hazy day.
543 An Asian woman is laying down with headphones on outside on a sunny day.
543 A woman in a cap and blue top lies back against a log in a wooded space as she listens to music on her headphones.
543 A woman lies on tree roots and listens to music on headphones looking content.
543 An Asian woman wearing a cap listens to earphones outdoors.
543 A young Asian woman wearing gold studded headphones over a ball cap, a blue tank top, and black shorts reclines on a tree trunk and listens to music.
544 A boy in a white and black shirt does tricks on a bicycle in a public square.
544 A young man with black hair wearing a novelty baseball cap backwards and a black and white shirt, performs tricks on a bicycle in a city plaza.
544 In a city plaza, a young man on a bicycle does tricks, riding just on the front wheel and also swinging the bike around.
544 A bicyclist rides in a town square doing tricks on his bike.
544 A young man in a white shirt does tricks while riding a bike outside surrounded by buildings
545 A white drummer and two guitar players are performing on a stage in the dark with light flickering behind them at night.
545 Band plays outdoors at night with city lights behind them.
545 two guitarists and a drummer sing on a dimly lit stage
545 At night, with city lights in background, two men play guitars and one plays drums as one sings.
545 A band plays outside at night.
546 A man with sun goggles and a green shirt sits next to a man in a grey jacket with longish dark hair looking out on steep snow-clad mountains, while they lean against a building.
546 2 men stand in front of a building that has snow covered mountains reflected in its windows.
546 Two men sitting on the side of a cement wall and windows are talking to each other as they watch something in front of them.
546 A bearded man and a man with ski goggles stand in front of windows that reflect snow covered mountains.
546 A reflection of snowcapped mountains can be seen in windows behind two men one wearing gray and one wearing green with reflective goggles.
547 A brown-haired, bearded man plays an electric guitar inside onstage at an entertainment venue as another band member sings in the background.
547 A bearded musician plays a guitar in front an amplifier.
547 A man is playing a guitar while someone else is singing inside on a stage.
547 A bearded young man is playing the guitar on stage.
547 A brown haired bearded man dressed in dark grey is playing a guitar against an orange glowing fog affect backdrop.
548 a young Asian girl in an orange top cuts a shape out of pink paper
548 Young Asian girl slowly cuts out a paper house as adult hands next to her quickly produce cutouts as both sit at table.
548 A little Asian girl cuts a pink piece of paper with scissors in her hand.
548 Little Asian girl is standing at a table, cutting out artwork
548 Asian girl with long hair cutting pink paper as someone waves blue scissors.
549 A Baby Boot Camp troupe walks in a community parade behind a big banner carried by two lunging young women.
549 A group identifying itself as 'Baby Boot Camp' marches in a daylight parade on a city street while onlookers line the sides of the street.
549 A parent and child exercise class marches in a parade with 2 moms doing lunges as they march with the banner.
549 Two women in summer carry a banner advertising 'Baby Boot Camp' followed by parents with strollers walk down a town street with onlookers.
549 People standing on the street are watching as a parade walks by on a sunny day.
550 A man in a white cap looks down from a balcony into an interior space in a large building.
550 A man wearing a mauve striped shirt and a white hat looks out onto the nave of a large cathedral from the upper gallery.
550 The camera turns from a display sign to show a man in a pink sweater and white baseball cap looking down to an indoor mall.
550 People are visiting a shrine.
550 A man in a white baseball cap stands at a cement wall and looks down over into a crowd of people walking around.
551 Two men are wrestling in a wrestling rink while spectators watch.
551 In a boxing ring with a referee in front of an audience, two men wearing boxing gloves compete bare-chested with a man in green trunks sitting on a man with red leggings.
551 2 boxers are in the ring at a public fight while the referee checks them and a photographer takes pictures from the side as the spectators watch the event.
551 A pair of martial arts fighters wrestle on the mat in a ring while the referee looks on.
551 In a ring sponsored by Charlie boxing apparel, a referee crouches down as one boxer with green trunks pins a wrestler with red socks.
552 A woman wearing a black dress plays the violin on stage.
552 A short haired female Asian violinist in a black sparkly evening dress performs under multi colored lights as she walks along the stage.
552 A woman with short dark hair in a long dress walks across a stage set playing a violin
552 A woman in a fancy dress plays the violin onstage before an audience.
552 A woman in a black dress plays a violin in front of an audience.
553 we see the back of the head of a man wearing glasses as he reads to a woman wearing a white veil and white lacy dress
553 Man reads to a woman with bridal veil over her face and she laughs.
553 A bride with a veil over her face is laughing while a man is speaking to her.
553 Bride in a white dress and white veil stands and smiles across a man in a black suit and red shirt, inside next to a window in daylight.
553 Asian man with glasses reads to a bride in white gown with a crown of white jewels.
554 Video taken of a rocky area with a hot spring outside.
554 A spout of steam comes out of a rocky area above a turquoise pool in a park setting.
554 Mist is seen rising off of a body off of water near some very blue water, outdoors with lush trees and buildings in the background.
554 Thermal activity sends up steam in an outdoor area with a pool.
554 Steam rises from a hot spring behind limestone on one side and heavy evergreens on the other.
555 Blue sky overhead as biker, wearing helmet, rides down and around curving track.
555 the camera follows the leader of three bikes racing around a curved track.
555 A man on a motorcycle passes others on a track on a sunny day.
555 Race bike goes around the corner on a track.
555 Motorcyclist wearing a helmet speed by on a race track outdoors during the day.
556 A man in glasses tries to climb up a large rock outside on a sunny day.
556 Against a rocky cliff, a man's hand is raised grasping at rock, then leg and shoed foot come up as two faces beyond watch.
556 a man free-climbs a rick face as other climbers watch from a ledge above him
556 Young man climbs a rock as two young women sit and look on outdoors in the daytime.
556 Young man rock climbing on a steep rocky mountain as other young people are watching him during sunlight.
557 A man with a back pack on moves a pallet from on area to another inside a large room.
557 Man with back pack on carries part of wooden crate several feet then puts it down in large area open at side to outdoors where building exteriors are lighted at night.
557 a man carries a section of fence along the edge of a small construction site
557 Man with backpack carries a palette..
557 Young men are carrying wooden fence pieces at night time near a garage
558 A cyclist on a bike with a red basket stops at an intersection in an urban area as pedestrians and children biking cross the street in front of him and stopped cars.
558 A bicyclist wearing a helmet slows to a stop to let several people cross the street.
558 A male cyclist with an orange crate attached to his bike and wearing a suit stops his bike to allow pedestrians to cross a city street.
558 A man in a suit and bicycle helmet stops his bicycle (with a red crate on the back) at a crossing to let several people, including children pass .
558 A group of women with children on bikes are crossing the street when an man approaches on his bike and waits for them to cross.
559 4 men sitting at a table outdoors touch their beverage glasses together.
559 Five men in an outdoor setting clink beer glasses.
559 Four men holding glasses of beer make a toast outside on a sunny day.
559 Five young men sitting at a table outside a building have a toast, each holding a beer in a different glass.
559 Several men, two wearing sunglasses, drink beer at an outdoor table in warm weather.
560 Two men stand outside a boat harbor, and one holds up a model airplane as one man drapes his arm across the other's shoulders
560 at twilight in a sailboat marina, two men talk and laugh as one on them holds a drone
560 Two men with navy shirts stand talking and one is holding a white drone in his hand.
560 Two men laughing as one holds a drone in a marina at dusk.
560 Two white middle aged men are standing next to boats laughing, while one of them holds up a white radar at sundown next to water.
561 In some kind of a vehicle in daylight, an Oriental man hands a blue rectangular box with wires to a standing man as others sit on benches.
561 On a ferry, a man hands another man a communication device.
561 Someone passes a juice box to another person on a bus on a sunny.
561 A man in a black jacket on a train hands an object to a man wearing an orange tee shirt.
561 An Asian man on a bus pulls a blue battery pack from an orange rack and hands it to another Asian man.
562 Woman stands behind round table that holds measuring cups and some ingredients, as she opens a bottle.
562 at a white round table, a standing woman in a white sweater puts the cap on a narrow necked bottle after pouring something into a glass
562 A lady in a white shirt pours something from a green bottle into a glass in a room with a yellow wall.
562 Young white blonde woman with a white sweater takes the white cap and caps a green bottle over a white table with several glasses and a bowl then pours one bowl into another holding a fork.
562 Blonde young white woman pours a liquid into a small container next to other small containers and measuring cups on a table inside a kitchen
563 a man in a red and white checked shirt point to a man in a photo, one of many crowded photos on the wall
563 A nan stands in front of wall pointing at some of the many color photos of people are displayed.
563 A man in a tan jacket and red and white shirt points to a photo on a wall in a room filled with pictures.
563 White middle aged man points at a picture on the wall among many other pictures talking in French inside a room.
563 Man pointing at pictures on wall.
564 A child is being unhooked from being attached to a crescent flying balloon on s wide grassy area on a sunny day.
564 Man with white helmet unties a white and red parachute on a greed field and walks away towards two cars and another person in the background.
564 a man is shown being helped out of a hang glider harness and walking toward another man
564 Downward view of helmeted man being released from straps to a landed sky kite.
564 A man climbs out of his parachute after landing on a green field on a sunny day.
565 A man interacts with a little boy dressed in a white wrap around his neck and head outside.
565 Man wearing small hat smiles down and young girl with white turban and face covering pushed down smiles and reaches up.
565 a mustached man wearing a white headband bends over toward a child wearing a white turban
565 An ASIAN MIDDLE AGED MAN WITH A WHITE CAP A MUSTACHE AND A HOODIE LOOKING AT THE CAMERA IN HIS VILLAGE BY THE SNOW COVERED MOUNTAIN AND A YOUNG WHITE CLAD CHILD SMILES.
565 A middle eastern man and a boy in white head covering sit in the mountain at daylight.
566 A group of men are walking past a large crowd of people outside on a sunny day.
566 Four black men in baseball caps lead a march through a city as a crowd watches.
566 Men and women walk down a street as other people look on.
566 Many people look on as a group walks down a city street.
566 A group of black men and women dressed in a distinctive hip-hop style confidently walk down a crowded street.
567 A seated woman in an orange garment with an ID tag around her neck sits next to an outdoor path.
567 An Indian woman dressed in orange wearing an identification badge around her neck and holding a white device is sitting next to a young boy wrapped in a blanket.
567 A dark-haired woman with an identity badge and a smartphone in southeast asia talks and sits on a wall next to a boy wrapped in a white blanket along a road where a woman passes.
567 A seated young woman speaks to the camera while a young boy sits on a low wall behind her, wrapped in a shawl.
567 An Indian woman with a lanyard talks into a camera outside.
568 Snow skier skies down a snow-covered slope toward a group of four other individuals.
568 A skier wearing a camera skies down a wide slope in the mountains toward a group at the bottom.
568 A person on a snowy slope skis downhill following several other skiers.
568 You can see the view of a skier with another skier in the distance as they descend the snow at the end of a low hill on an overcast day.
568 People are on a snowy mountain skiing on a cloudy day.
569 several men carry a large wooden frame down a sandy path in an arid area
569 Group of men walk up dirt road holding large wooden frame overhead under sunny sky with barren fields on both sides.
569 Men are carrying a wooden frame across a dirt road on a sunny day.
569 Nine young men are carrying a huge frame on a dirt road during a cloudy day
569 A group of men walking outdoors carrying a wood frame.
570 A man riding an electric scooter leads a young man and woman on foot through a narrow artificially lit tunnel with a checkerboard floor
570 A man in a helmet rides a motor scooter down a narrow interior passage.
570 A man rides a scooter through a narrow hallway as a man and woman walk behind him.
570 in a very narrow lighted passageway with black-and-white tiles on the floor a man rides a motorized tricycle as two other people walk behind him.
570 A man on a motorized bike is riding through a narrow tunnel while a couple walks behind him.
571 a man in a blue and white shirt talks into a mike and points to basketball players in a screen behind him
571 Man walks past, then pointing, toward large TV screen with still picture of basketball players on a game court.
571 A man in a blue and white shirt points to a monitor with a basketball playing at the front of a dark room
571 Hispanic man points at a video clip of basketball players on a basketball court screened on the wall
571 Man pointing at a tv screen with a basketball game on.
572 A man in a red jumpsuit and white helmet on a red ATV talks to a man in a black wet suit holding a surfboard.
572 Man in a wetsuit with a white surfboard speaks on a beach to a helmeted man riding a four-wheel ATV.
572 A surfer and beach buggy rider on his orange vehicle dressed in orange stop to talk on a chilly day.
572 A man in a red jacket and white helmet rides a red vehicle in front of a river as he talks and gestures to a man in wetsuit holding a surfboard with other surfers across the stream.
572 A man on a ATV is talking to another man wearing a wet suit and holding a surf board outside on a sunny day.
573 A man with a red scarf on his head does a backward flip on an exercise mat while women in the room watch him.
573 Boy lays on mat in exercise class then flips backward, lands on knees, and raises both arms above his head.
573 a man in a grey t-shirt does a backward somersault off a green yoga mat and gets up grinning
573 Man with red bandana rolls on yoga mat as other watch.
573 Young man with red bandana does a somersault while others are watching as they lay on their mats inside a gym.
574 Person is climbing down from big rocks holding on to a red white thick rope secured in the rock above, during daylight.
574 Rock climber with olive pants and blue shoes holding to a red and white climbing rope against a grey rock outdoors on a cliff during the day.
574 a roped in person slowly goes down the vertical side of a cliff toward lich forest
574 Man's arms and feet grappling down a rocky cliff with rid and white line attached.
574 A man in beige pants uses a rope to climb down a mountain on a sunny day.
575 Students walking out of school.
575 Group of Asian people walking thru a path of red columns outside in sunlight
575 Tall orange cylinders bearing oriental script line paved series of steps down which a number of people walk.
575 people walk toward the camera between rows of orange columns with Asian character and black bottoms
575 People are walking down gradual steps through an archway with orange polls on both sides on a sunny day.
576 a bearded man in black clothes and baseball cap and with a black strap clipped to his shirt walks past a line of white ribbons tied to trees
576 On a sunlit day outside a bearded man wearing glasses and a dark brimmed hat with a buckled strap on his back walks by a white fence structure and a palm.
576 A man with a black shirt and baseball hat is walking outside on a sunny day.
576 White adult man with brown beard and glasses, walks slowly outdoors in sunshine under a shaded cover with a metal hook attached to the back of his black T shirt.
576 Man with baseball cap and a black tea shirt and a full beard walking in slow motion in a field.
577 A couple dressed in formal wear walk through a seated crowd of people also dressed well.
577 A Japanese woman in a red formal dress holding a bouquet walks with a man in a tuxedo among guests seated at dinner tables during the day in a party venue.
577 Dressed up guests are seated at round tables of a restaurant and they clap and take pictures of a dressed up young man and a young woman in an orchid purple dress who walk through the room together.
577 An Asian couple walks among clapping guests seated at tables in an indoor venue.
577 An Asian man in black tie and an Asian woman with flowers in her hair, a bouquet, and wearing a pink dress are greeted by seated guests in a reception hall.
578 A person is snow gear if walking in the snow holding a snowboard outside.
578 A man dressed for winter walks along a snowy street carrying a wide black case in front of him.
578 Snow boarders carry their boards down a resort street on a snowy day.
578 A man wearing a knit cap, a scarf, and boots carries a snow board up a snow-covered road while another man walks behind him.
578 As it snows, two men carrying snowboards are walking along the side of a snow covered street in front of a vehicle.
579 A skateboarder in a blue tee shirt jumps a flight of steps at night but comes off his board, and another young man claps.
579 In a video marked with two dice, a man congratulates another young man as he jumps a couple steps and rides a rail in a night-time skateboard park.
579 In a lighted park at night, a young man with a backward baseball cap races down a shallow set of steps and attempts a jump to the street, but fails as a friend watches.
579 A skateboarder rides among others at a skate park at night and does a stunt riding down a path and railing before another young male wearing a camera applauds his skill.
579 A group of young men are skateboarding through a park.
580 Four small children are sitting on a bench indoors while a man wearing a cap enters the room
580 Four kids sitting on a bench as another kid wearing glasses and a baseball cap approaches.
580 four boys who look very bored sit on a bench against a wall as someone facing them crosses the image from left to right
580 Four boys sit fidgeting on bench at inside wall of large building as man enters, facing them.
580 A young boy in a blue baseball cap approaches four other kids sitting on a bench.
581 A lit Ferris wheel a yellow ride and a carousel in a carnival fair at night.
581 Ferris wheel and another ride turning round and round in an amusement park at night time.
581 At night many lights in an amusement park, including an enormous ferris wheel, watched by woman holding small child standing near the entrance.
581 a large Ferris wheel with spiraling lights is behind a merry-go-round with small white cars
581 A Ferris wheel with lights turns in an amusement park at night.
582 At a table in a room with long windows, a man talks to two women about the books they are studying.
582 2 women and a man sit at a table indoors in front of corner windows and go over information on paper together.
582 Two women and a man are looking a folder while sitting at a table in a room with large windows.
582 A nearly-bald man wearing glasses is seated at a desk and is talking to two seated women who have folders of papers in front of them.
582 At a table stacked with lots of files. a man discusses the contents of one of the files with two young women.
583 a woman standing next to another woman who is doing dishes licks a fork and dicks down out of the scene when the dishwasher look at her
583 Woman works at kitchen sink when younger girl beside her licks something from fork and then flees when woman looks up and spots her.
583 A woman licks something off of a fork standing in a kitchen next to a woman cutting vegetables.
583 One white blonde woman stands next to a sink in a kitchen, while another white woman stands next to her and licks a fork.
583 woman licking fork as other laugh in kitchen
584 A man in a black outfit scrapes the snow and icy windshield of his car on the side of a snowy road
584 Man wears gloves and uses a scraper to remove snow from car windshield,
584 a man in a black jacket scrapes snow from the windshield of a white car
584 Man scraping ice of a car windshield.
584 White person with short light colored hair clears a car's windshield on the side of a road while cars are driving by
585 A man in a blue jacket and white helmet snowboards over a rail at a ski resort in the offseason.
585 A skateboarder wearing a white helmet gets over an obstacle and proceeds downhill.
585 A lift operates outdoors as a ski boarder descends and slides off of a track as another person looks on from the side.
585 A man in a blue top and a white helmet rides his skateboard up a constructed railing up and then down and lands safely on a steep road on a warm day.
585 A skateboarder skates across a metal beam outside on a sunny day.
586 Glass roof of a structure
586 An architectural upper level at the sides of a building, we see the downstairs level and the street with people walk by next to the big windows during a cloudy day.
586 View from inside out of glass building and its slanted bar construction.
586 the camera pans down the hull of a long wooden boat under a glass roof
586 People are walking on a platform outside of a train station.
587 Young white women enters a store with furniture during day time
587 Woman walks into shop.
587 a woman in black wearing sunglasses walks briskly into a shop
587 Woman wearing jacket and sunglasses opens door and walks into shop with luminescent machines on one side.
587 A woman wearing sunglasses walks into a store on a sunny day.
588 A person kicks at the soil with their boots.
588 In a muddy field, a woman in a red coat and high rubber boots is seen using her boots to shovel mud into a puddle.
588 A women in a pink dress and rain boots uses her foot to move dirt around.
588 A female wearing a red skirt uses her tall black rubber boots to cover seeds in a trench of tilled soil.
588 A person kicks dirt in a plowed field in daylight.
589 In large room with recessed roof and lights, man holds woman wearing long purple dress, up as she holds him around shoulders, and audience claps.
589 a man embraces a woman in a purple dress that he has picked up while she hugs him tightly
589 A man is holding a woman in a long purple dress in the middle of the dance floor while people are standing around applauding.
589 Man lifting woman on dance floor as guests cheer.
589 Black man lifts up an asian woman in the middle of a dance floor surrounded by people of all ages and different races inside a dance hall.
590 The canopy of a blue, white, and pink pastel hang glider floats against a clear blue sky
590 A parachute is open over a parachutist in a mountain area.
590 On a sunny day, the view of a person in a glider is seen.
590 A person flies under a cigar-shaped parachute over a mountainside going toward a snow-covered valley below.
590 A person is hand gliding outside on a sunny day.
591 people lie on flexible pads and slide down the side of a sand dune
591 Four people belly flop on boards and slide down sandy hill.
591 A group of people ride down a sand hill on their stomachs on a cloudy day.
591 Adults and children are sliding down on boards on hilly sand as others are standing on the top helping and watching them during day light.
591 People slide down a sand dune.
592 A close-cropped man in US military clothing sits with his hands interlaced on a desk during the day in an office setting asking a question to a person in front of him
592 A man in a US Marines with his hands clasped in a relaxed way, sits at a desk in an office and talks to a person off camera.
592 A man in a military outfit sitting behind a desk is speaking to someone in front of him.
592 A man wearing glasses and a military camouflage uniform speaks while sitting at a desk indoors.
592 A man dressed in camouflage sitting at a desk with a flag wrapped eagle paperweight is addressing someone not shown.
593 A young white bearded man dancing with a white woman in black dress outside at night with a train passing by.
593 White young man and a white young woman are dancing at a large gathering with many other young people in a park next to a river with boat moving by, outdoors at night time.
593 Man and woman dance at night with crowds of people most sitting on ground behind them with city buildings and light in distance.
593 a bearded man in tan pants and black shirt dances with a woman in a black dress
593 A couple dances near the edge of water while others are gathered at night.
594 A rock concert at night with woman at the microphone and a man lifting his guitar on his head on a stage covered with smoke.
594 A guitar player holds his guitar overhead as the singer sings.
594 on a spotlight-lit stage, a man carries an electric guitar over his head while another sings into a hand-held microphone
594 On a darkened stage indoors, man hoists equipment to head and walks away as another person under spotlight holds mike to mouth near a standing mike.
594 A man performing on stage picks his guitar up over his head.
595 a man in a white helmet and blue shirt is handed an orange rope and tosses the end of it over a steep descent through a flowing stream
595 Man wearing helmet throws unfurling orange line over cliff side down toward rushing water.
595 A mountain climber throws a red rope towards a stream of running water on a sunny day.
595 White young man with helmet stands on a rock next to the sea and throws red ropes down the rocks in day light.
595 A white rock climber with a yellow helmet and blue top throws down a cliff an orange rope to the waterfall below during the day.
596 Persons in a group seated on steps in an auditorium-like room wave.
596 A crowd of people seated on steps in the corner of a large atrium with orange and pink walls, look up and wave simultaneously.
596 A group of men and women visitors in casual dress sit on a wedge-shaped stairway and wave and clap in front of a brightly colored building.
596 Men and women wave to the camera from the steps and terrace of a pink and orange building.
596 A group of people are waving and sitting on steps in front of a pink and orange wall
597 Three hispanic man with head coverings are standing under a tree outdoors as one of the speaks on a sunny day.
597 Three men with hats under tree , one speaks.
597 in an arid area, three men dressed like agricultural workers stand talking under a large shade tree
597 Three men, all wearing hats, stand in a tree's shade as one man talks and gestures.
597 Three men in hats are standing near a large tree and one of them is talking to the other two.
598 Someone is filming a white building outside on a sunny day.
598 The camera pans over the reflection of a white building with a length of shy tinsel in the upper left corner.
598 An industrial building is reflected in a puddle.
598 A building is reflected in a pool of water.
598 A Gray building with lots of windows is reflected in a puddle on an asphalt street.
599 Three men exchange hand gestures standing outside on a sunny day.
599 A young, dark-haired and bearded man in an off-the-shoulder t-shirt reaches toward the person filming and bumps fists and reaches with outspread fingers.
599 2 men standing outdoors talk to someone off camera and one of them gives a hand greeting to the off camera person.
599 A bearded and tattooed young man speaks to and gives another person a fist bump outdoors.
599 A young heavily tattooed man in an off the shoulder ripped t-shirt gestures as he says 'fireball' promoting funartists.com
600 a young black woman wearing white clothes and a white turban sways back and forth as she sits in the cross-legged atop a desert sand dune
600 In bright sunlight, atop a sand dune, a man wearing white robe and white turban, sits with legs folded, and rocks back and forth before raising arms to shoulders.
600 A woman in white sits on the middle of a desert hill making movements.
600 Woman dressed in all white sitting and swaying in bright sunlight on a dune in the desert talking about her past relationship.
600 A woman sits on a sand dune in the desert, swaying as she tells the story of her personal journey.
601 One of a pair of black and white birds with white webbed feet sits on an egg in a ground nest as the other stands close by.
601 A seagull sits on probably an egg outdoors while another seagull watches.
601 2 Pelicans groom themselves as they stand on grass, soil, and twigs and there is an egg on the ground.
601 Two black-winged white sea birds stand together on the ground in a wooded setting with one of them keeping an egg warm beneath her.
601 A black and white duck is incubating her egg while the other one stands next to it outside.
602 A female stylist works on another woman's hair in a salon.
602 A woman with black hair wearing leopard print has her hair styled by a blonde woman wearing a black tank, gold belt, and black pants.
602 A blonde woman stands over a dark-haired young woman whose hair she is arranging inside a salon.
602 A solemn woman in leopard smock has her hair dine by a woman in tank top and slacks at a hair salon.
602 A woman is working on a clients hair in a hair salon during the day.
603 Baseball players acknowledge each other at the end of a game.
603 An assortment of baseball players in red or blue or white or black jerseys walks along the baseball green, some with extra-large catchers' mitts and one appearing to be one-armed.
603 Baseball players are walking one behind the other on a field outside on a sunny day.
603 A group of baseball players holding their gloves are gathered at the edge a baseball field
603 Baseball players mill around on the dirt part of a field.
604 Man with shirt partially hanging out leans against tattered white wall drinking from flask near words in Spanish then English Yellow Rain.
604 a man in a white shirt, black pants leans against a wall and drinks form a flask
604 A man in a white shirt stands with one arm on a wall drinking from a bottle.
604 Man drinking from flask next to wall.
604 Dark skinned man with black hair and black beard stands next to 2 walls, lift his hand with a drink and drinks during night time.
605 A fawn is behind a protective fence outside.
605 A young deer comes to walk beside a chain-link fence during the evening as an off-camera person comments.
605 A deer walks along a fence outside on a sunny day.
605 A doe walks along a green chain link fence In a lightly wooded area.
605 A deer walks behind a wire fence
606 a boy in a bright blue long sleeved t-shirt with an image of the statue of liberty lies on a table atop a grey fabric
606 Boy wearing sweatshirt with picture of Statute of Liberty on it lies on pallet and grins widely,
606 A young boy in a blue tee shirt is laying on his back smiling.
606 Young boy smiling widely, wearing a T-shirt with the Statue of Liberty on it, is laying on a cot next to a wall, inside a building
606 Child wearing a blue shirt laying on a cot smiling.
607 Man speaks to microphones in studio holding a CD case.
607 White bald man with earphones holds u[ a recording next to recording equipment inside a room.
607 Man wearing headphones sits looking at record case with radio equipment at his side on table.
607 in a room with electronic equipment lining the walls, a man wearing headphones talks into a mike and looks at a picture of a young man wearing a medical face mask
607 A man with headsets on holds a picture and is talking into a microphone in a room.
608 A man attempts to ski down a long railing next to stairs and falls to the ground at the bottom covered with snow.
608 A man on skis starts to go down railing on side of long stair case, falls, and lands on the snowy ground.
608 a man on skis tries to ski down the railing of a long flight of stairs, misses the railing, and slides down crashing into the snow at the bottom
608 Ski jumper falls down.
608 Person on skis is jumping over stairs and falling in the snow covered mountain in daylight.
609 A person on a skateboard glides past a graffitied wall and towards an intersection in a campus with a building ahead.
609 A skate boarder with a backpack rides on a paved surface in a city park.
609 A person on a skateboard wearing a backpack is skating through a park on a sunny day.
609 A skateboarder rolls on a paved path in probably a park.
609 A man skateboards by a graffiti mural in continues along a paved path in the sand under palm trees.
610 several white geese walk around in a cage
610 In a large enclosure outside on a sunny day, five white ducks move around.
610 A group of white ducks are walking around inside a fenced area outside on a sunny area.
610 Six white ducks moving around in a cage on grass fenced in during daylight
610 Ducks gather in a group in the pen.
611 A helmeted man on a water ski goes over a float in a lake.
611 A competitor in black shorts, a white shirt, and helmet wearing the number 13 water skis over an obstacle.
611 In a canal, a man with a helmet stands on a narrow board and is pulled up and forward on a large tubular obstacle as a few people sit canal side to watch.
611 A young man in sports jersey # 13 holds a line and rides a small board over a structure in a public fountain as people watch him from the side.
611 A man on jet skis up onto a long white barrel in the water on a sunny day.
612 A man wearing a white shirt climbs stairs in a crowded arena while music plays.
612 A spotlight shines on a woman as she arrives to her seat after walking up steps in a darkened concert arena.
612 In a crowded theater, a man in a white jacket climbs up an aisle until the spotlight from the stage finds him and he turns around.
612 A performer walks in to an audience as another performer sings with a band.
612 A person is singing and walking upstairs at a concert.
613 An older man is examining an object with two pointed objects.
613 A balding man sits in front of a loom with a complex color scheme weaving a cloth.
613 A weaver works at a loom.
613 A man wearing glasses is weaving on a loom.
613 A man with glasses is sitting at a loom weaving an intricate pattern with threads of many colors.
614 A dark haired boy dressed in shirt and baggy khakis rides a skateboard outdoors where cars are parked along a winding, paved area.
614 A shirtless man in chinos rides a skateboard down an asphalt parking lot, doing a switch-around, avoiding a parked car and turning onto a sidewalk.
614 A young man is skating on a skateboard on a street outside on a sunny day.
614 A young thin black haired man wearing a white tank and black belted white sagging pants performs a trick on a skateboard as he meanders through a quiet parking area.
614 A shirtless young man rides a skateboard in a parking lot.
615 White man with big black hair talks standing next to a lawn chair talking outdoors on a grassy area at daytime
615 Young white man wearing a white tank top and coiffed black hair sitting on a beach chair in the yard during the day saying they don't have a TV.
615 a man in a very bouffant black wig talks to the camera and pouts
615 Man wearing black wig and a white undershirt, sits in chair on green grass outside and talks and shakes his head.
615 A man in a white t-shirt and a crazy wig talks into the camera outside on a sunny day.
616 A bid guy with a bandana tied around his head dances in the middle of a bike shop where bikes are repaired.
616 Large man with beard stands in middle of dimly lit bicycle shop, swinging his arms.
616 a bearded man dressed in black dances in a room full of motorcycles and spare parts
616 Large bearded white man with a head covering dances in a motorcycle shop.
616 A white bearded man moves to music, stands in a large workshop with many tools and bicycles during daylight.
617 A car with its lights on is stationary on a grassy field at night with its lights on and a man walks across in front of the car.
617 2 people get out of a car at night and see a long handle sticking out of the soil with a pile of dug up soil next to it.
617 A man walks towards a stick in the ground at night as a car with headlights is shines on it.
617 A man walks in the lights of a stopped vehicle outdoors at night.
617 Two men walk from each side of a parked car with bright headlights Into the grass ahead on a dark night
618 Surfers ride a big wave.
618 A group of surfers riding a big wave in the ocean during daytime.
618 Wave crashes in sea as surfer is thrown from board then remounts and continues.
618 A surfer paddles his board ahead of a breaking wave and flies over as the wave curls
618 People are swimming in large waves in an ocean on a sunny day.
619 a person rubs a hand furiously on a drawing of pink pinwheels on a white background
619 Woman's hands drawing at white board with three flowers.
619 A person is erasing a design drawn on paper.
619 Hands of a white person, with a ring on both hands is drawing flowers and patterns on a white poster.
619 Artist drawing red flowers.
620 Teams in red and blue jerseys play a game (maybe rugby) on a grass field watched by spectators in the grandstand.
620 Men from 2 teams compete in a game with a ball as spectators watch them.
620 Two teams play a game of soccer inside a stadium full of people.
620 Two soccer teams play in an outdoor stadium.
620 A team wearing black in a team wearing yellow play soccer in a crowded American Express stadium.
621 A man in a white shirt walks out into the street and conducts traffic on a cloudy day.
621 Outdoor busy city street with man in white shirt blowing whistle and raising arms to escort pedestrians across street.
621 a man in white shirt and black trousers directs busy traffic as a man in a blue shirt crosses the street
621 man crosses street as policeman directs traffic.
621 One dark skinned man is holding up traffic while another brown skinned man crosses the road with many cars and a truck passing during daylight.
622 Several and a woman are working on an ice statue outdoors in a forest covered with snow.at wintertime
622 A man cuts an ice statue with a saw as another looks on while an older man in blue and a woman in grey winter clothes tie a big ice block to a lift.
622 a man and woman carve an ice sculpture in a park when the scene shifts to a man hoisting a bock into place
622 Men in snowy park area work preparing huge block of ice for carving.
622 A man and a woman are working on an ice sculpture in the woods on a sunny day.
623 Outdoors in a city, in an area surrounded by chain link fence, explosives are tested.
623 Shots are fired from behind a concrete barrier in a playing field with two red bicycle lock-ups in the midst of a city and across from a tented market.
623 Explosives are going off in an with dirt and red barricades outside.
623 Smoke rises up from firecrackers set off sequentially from the center of a vacant lot surrounded by buildings.
623 Fireworks are being launched in a sandy area in a city.
624 A group of people dressed in costumes do a dance inside.
624 In a darkened entertainment venue in an Asian country, richly dressed dancers move to an opera-like musical score.
624 People in costume perform on a stage.
624 Ethnic dancers perform on stage in an indoor venue.
624 Six Asian men dressed in native costume dance and chant on a stage
625 Two persons in a car pass in front of a stone building.
625 In a World War Two era black-and-white film two men ride in the front seat of a car.
625 A man in a fedora sits in the passenger seat of a car as another person drives and a woman's voice talks, driving down a street with buildings in daylight.
625 2 suited men are seen from the back as they drive a very old car up to an old stone building.
625 Two men are driving in a car and the passenger is wearing a hat as they pass a building.
626 A man in a black shirt carefully slices a green pepper next to a pile of freshly sliced onions on a wood cutting surface.
626 A cook with a large knife slices a pepper on a wooden surface.
626 The hands of someone cutting a pepper are seen.
626 A man is shown slicing a green pepper after cutting off the bottom on a cutting board inside.
626 A man cuts a green pepper on a board with a sharp knife.
627 A young blonde woman dressed in black executes a jump in an empty ice rink with an Orleans Police Relief Association sign visible in the background.
627 A female figure skater does a jump on the ice.
627 A female ice skater completes a leap and spin at an indoor skating rink as she passes by the camera.
627 A woman in black with long blonde hair skates, doing a turn-around on the ice in an indoor skating venue.
627 A woman takes a jump while ice skating in an ice skating rink.
628 a man sits down on a dock and drinks from a bottle while people sit behind him on a round inflatable raft
628 Man with damp hair sits, takes up a bottle and drinks from it after sitting down on elevated area above lake where several people lay on large white surface.
628 A shirtless man sits down with a beer in his hand on a boat in the water on a sunny day.
628 Young white man and women sitting at the river bank, next to a floating round raft as the young man drinks a drink out of a bottle on a cloudy day.
628 White young man with black hair sits shirtless on a chair by the lake drinking from a bottle and looking at 3 women sunbathing as two other sit behind him.
629 2 teams, the red and white teams, play a game with a ball and the red celebrates because their team got the ball through a hoop with a net.
629 A woman player in a Cornell-red jersey makes a basket in a game inside a sports auditorium against women from University of Connecticut.
629 People watch a basketball game on an indoor basketball court.
629 At a womens basketball game during the second quarter, Cornell shoots a 3 point basket, but is still way behind University of Connecticut.
629 Two women's basketball teams play in an arena as the scoreboard shows UCONN leading Cornell.
630 Woman with long hair, wearing a golden decorated taller hat, motions and sings.
630 a woman wearing an ornate crown sings
630 A woman dressed in a costume and a gold crown is singing.
630 A singer sings passionately wearing a big crown.
630 White young woman with brown hair and a golden crown on her head sings a song while raising her arm.
631 A bicyclist wearing a hat with a pack on his bike rides toward the camera on a dirt road with leafy vegetation on the sides.
631 A woman wearing a white baseball cap bicycles down a dirt road on a bright day.
631 A man rides a bicycle down a dirt road on a sunny day.
631 A man in a white shirt and black shorts wearing a sun hat and sunglasses rides a bike loaded with camping gear along a gravel road.
631 A man wearing a white tee shirt, a hat, and sunglasses rides a bicycle down a rocky road.
632 A man puts a purple flower in a woman's hair outside near water on a sunny day.
632 Standing in front of dark blue water, man wearing glasses reaches up and places a small flower at the side of woman's head.
632 a man in a white shirt and black vest puts a flower in the hair of a woman in a poncho with a colorful diamond pattern
632 Man with black vest puts a flower on woman's head.
632 White man places a flower in the hair of a young woman with colorful Mexican shawl both standing next to water in daytime.
633 Two women running in park with a man running and hiding behind them.
633 Two young women are running in a park while a young man is running in and out behind them on a sunny day.
633 Two women wearing jackets and gloves jog down sidewalk in daylight as a hooded man darts out from green hedge and follows them sometimes crouching down behind small bush.
633 two Asian women jog along a sidewalk as a man in a black hoodie follows them, hiding behind trees and shrubs
633 Two women are jogging and a man comes behind them trying to sneak up on them outside on a sunny day.
634 A wet street reflects all the brightly colored lights on vehicles during a night-time Christmas parade.
634 Onlookers watch a nighttime parade going down a wet street.
634 Trucks decorated with lights ride through a parking lot at night.
634 At night with onlookers crowding a wet city street, trucks carry floats in a parade.
634 People stand on either side of a street and watch as a parade goes by at night.
635 People are riding bicycles on a closed area on a bridge at night.
635 Person riding motor bike prepares to pass person on bike as they ride through a covered bridge.
635 four people on bicycles, some wearing yellow vests, pedal away from the camera down a pathway under a bridge
635 Bike and moped riders ride on a bridge.
635 Three man are bicycling in a covered tunnel at nigh time.
636 Two black men in leather jackets and with a yellow stripe starting from the hair line and reaching back chant in front of brown wooden doors.
636 2 men in leather jackets wearing sunglasses stand in front of wooden doors and talk and 1 of them is shown adjusting his sleeve in front of a painting.
636 Two men in black leather jackets and sunglasses are saying the same thing at the same time in a room.
636 Two black men wearing sunglasses and black jackets stand in front of wood paneling.
636 Two black guys with white T shirts, black leather jackets, sunglasses, and dyed yellow hair on top of their heads perform in front of dark paneled wood.
637 A few men are playing instruments in a room with a window on a sunny day..
637 A woman with long blonde hair plays an electric piano on a stand and sings into a microphone inside a room with other musicians, including a drummer.
637 A female sings and plays the keyboard while a male plays the drums in an indoor space with a window.
637 A female keyboardist plays and sings into a microphone while a drummer plays.
637 A young woman with long dark hair is playing a red keyboard and singing while a man plays the drums in the background.
638 Man with a small lamp on his forehead is standing next to a yellow tent and knocking on a bucket in the dark of the night.
638 Mn hitting a cooking pot outside a tent at night.
638 a man wearing a lit headlamp in a green shirt outside a white and yellow camping tent pounds on the bottom of a cooking pot
638 At night, man wearing helmet with headlight on, stands outside tent from which orange light shows and pounds on object in his hand.
638 A man is in a tent with a light on his head shaking something in his hand at night.
639 A brown camel with tan legs is crossing a desert road with a black and white sign about camels crossing during the day.
639 A camel is crossing a road next to a sign beware of camels crossing, in the desert on a sunny day.
639 On sunny day, camel slowly walks across paved road between arid sandy slopes, and sign of a white camel on black background rises at top of hill.
639 a one-hump camel slowly crosses a paved desert road
639 A camel walks across a road with dessert on either side on a sunny day.
640 A man in a sweater holds the hand of a woman in a white jacket as they walk beside an outdoor fountain.
640 A young man in an argyle vest takes the hand of a young woman wearing a white sweater and jeans and leads her slowly by a contemporary fountain.
640 A young woman in jeans and a white cardigan joins hands with a young man and he walks backwards or sideways as she advances in front of a waterfall fountain.
640 A man takes the hands of a woman to greet her and leads her by one hand by a fountain outdoors in a public area.
640 A woman in a white jacket walks towards a man and he grabs her hand and assists her down steps outside on a sunny day.
641 Black man and white woman sit on sofa inside talking and gestulating and man holds large camera.
641 a man holding a camera with a large lens gestures broadly as the talks to a woman in the easy chair next to him.
641 A man in a tie holding a large camera is sitting and talking to a woman in an orange chair.
641 Mn waves camera as woman moves her hands speaking.
641 A black young man talks to a white young woman as he holds a camera and laughs indoors during the day
642 Young man climbing a rock while others are cheering and helping him during a sunny day.
642 Young man climbs up a rock as others look on and help him start up.
642 a man begins climbing a rock face as others watch from the ground
642 Man slowly climbs up rocky face of cliff as several women watch and raise hands toward him
642 A man is climbing up rocks on a mountain as people watch him outside on a sunny day.
643 a man and woman arrange food on a long outdoor table as a few people mill around
643 A black clothed long table with dishes of food on it is attended by woman and man on broad sidewalk.
643 Two people are setting up a table of food where displays are set up outside.
643 Table set up on a street manned by a man and a woman, with food item as people are passing by in daylight.
643 Woman and man tend to a food table
644 Surfer catching a wave then crashes.
644 People are surfing and boating in the ocean, close to a stone wall and buildings behind the wall at daylight.
644 On a sunny day, several surfers are tumbled in the waves that come ashore next to rocky sea wall.
644 surfers ride under the curl of a breaking wave
644 A person on a surf board rides a wave in an ocean on a sunny day.
645 A man in a gray tee shirt is singing while sitting on steps of a stone building on a sunny day.
645 On sunny day with trees and 3-story building in background , man sits near top of shaded stone steps in front of stone building has player between his knees and gestures to it and then around as he talks.
645 a young man sings to music playing on a boombox
645 man sitting near a building with a boombox rapping a song.
645 White young man is sitting on steps with radio in front of him, singing along with a Spanish song outdoors in daylight next to a house and trees.
646 Male passenger in car being driven by another man, wears clerical collar and raises a styrofoam Starbucks cup.
646 a grey haired man in sunglasses and a black and white shirt with a roman collar and seat-belted into the passenger seat of a car faces the camera as another grey haired man with a goatee and blue shirt sits in the driver's seat and holds the steering wheel
646 Two men ride in a truck and the passenger raises his cup in a toast outside on a sunny day.
646 A middle aged man with a purple shirt drives a car with a priest wearing sunglasses in the passenger seat and raising a disposable drink cap.
646 Two middle aged white man are driving in a car as one of the man raises his cup, on a cloudy day.
647 The brick front steps, black rubber and jute doormat, and black front door with brass mailbox can be seen.
647 The camera's shot starts at the front of a red-brick house, up two concrete steps on a wide stoop with a welcome mat and a black door in a white setting and a mail slot low down.
647 Someone walks up a couple of steps onto a front porch towards a black front door.
647 A brick step, a concrete stoop, and a welcome mat leads to a black front door with a mail slot surrounded by white trim.
647 Brick steps lead up to a black door with a mail slot in it.
648 Bearded, bald white man with tattoos on arms and back, wearing abbreviated black top, walks in swinging manner
648 a sweaty, muscular, bearded man slowly walks away from the camera
648 A bald man with tattoos walks around a room with floor to ceiling mirrors.
648 A bald bearded large tattooed man walks towards a mirror in a gym as another smaller bearded man with a cutoff tee shirt walks by.
648 Big white man with beard and tattoos on his arms, walks with others inside a gym
649 Two men on an antique loveseat and one in a chair sit outside on a sidewalk as another man in a blue shirt walks by in a goofy way.
649 A man in a blue shirt does some odd steps for three persons who are sitting in chairs on a city sidewalk.
649 3 people sit on a couch in the street and someone dances across the frame.
649 Three men sit talking on a sofa in front of a town street as a man in a blue shirt dances sideways with his back to the men.
649 Three men are sitting together and another man walks by making strange movements outside in the evening
650 trucks decorated with lights come along a street as a woman with a baton and a cup of coffee walks down the street
650 Wet streets reflect nighttime lights from store fronts and passing trucks which are decorated with strung light designs.
650 Trucks with Christmas lights pass by in a parade at night with people watching and walking around.
650 Big truck with equipment passes by as a white women with blond hair and blue coat caries a drink at night on a wet street.
650 Decorated trucks drive by a fairground with woman in blue coat walking by.
651 Male hand turns knob at two pressure gauges.
651 a man turns the valve on a tank as the gauges above the valve change
651 A man turns the valve of an oxygen tank.
651 A white person's hand turns a silver valve as the dial in one of the two instruments moves up.
651 A person's hand is turning a faucet next to 2 gauges
652 Two young women and a man are inside a bar raising their glasses with wine as they talk.
652 Young woman with flowered dress and dark curly hair speaks to a blond woman with long hair and black dress and a man with white embroidered shirt and black hair and they raise wine glasses and toast.
652 a young man and two young women toast each other with red wine at a party
652 People stand in large room, eating and drinking, and two women and a man clink wine glasses.
652 Three people share a toast in a room filled with people.
653 A man s climbing a tree and fall to the ground outside on a sunny day.
653 A bare-chested man on a spring like day hangs from a rocky slope and tries to advance upward but fails and drops down in a wooded setting.
653 A man scales a rock face as his friend coaches him.
653 A shirtless rock climber falls from a rock in a wooded area.
653 A bare chested man in blue jeans wearing a black and gold knit cap drops off a large rock in the woods as another man tries to catch him.
654 3 women and a man stand together and the man holds a trophy and raises 1 arm to salute the off camera people while they and the women onstage, applaud.
654 A man in red baseball cap and a red competition jersey holds up a big bouquet of flowers and a trophy standing between two women in front of a canvas advertising sponsors.
654 A man wearing red clothes and hat holds a trophy and raises a bouquet of flowers as women besides him applaud.
654 A man with black hair dressed in red and white stands on the victors platform raising a bouquet while holding a silver trophy
654 A man in a red cap holds a trophy in one hand and raises a bouquet of flowers in the other.
655 Two hands shake as a woman sits and looks away.
655 Young Asian woman sits next to a statue while 2 people shake hands before her indoors at daylight
655 A woman with long dark hair sits in a room paneled on one side in white and in back some ornate carvings, with a bisque cherub statute sitting on a table at her right and two male hands reach across bottom of screen and shake.
655 a seated young Asian woman in a white dress with a yellow cummerbund stares ahead then two hands shake in the foreground
655 A woman sits in a tall chair and two men shake hands in front of her inside a room.
656 Along an unpaved wooded road, a man pedals a bicycle.
656 Several bicyclists travel a muddy road in the woods with melting snow on the sides.
656 Some men walk and rides along an icy road in between trees on a sunny day.
656 Bicyclists ride or push their bikes up an icy road in wintertime.
656 Three bicyclists proceed on an icy bike path, two walking their bikes and one carefully riding.
657 A young boy pours milk over his cereal
657 Boy sits at table and pours milk on cereal in bowl.
657 a boy pours milk into a bowl of cereal
657 Man pours milk in bowl
657 Teenage white boy sits and pour milk over cereal in a bowl while daylight seeps in thru a small window
658 On a stage in front of a Golden Island Cottages sign, four Asian couples in traditional costumes perform a dance.
658 Polynesian-looking dancers perform on a stage under a sign reading 'Golden Island Cottages.'
658 Colorfully dressed women and men in white shirts, black slacks, and colorful scarves draped from their pockets, dance together on a stage with a banner behind them.
658 A woman in a brightly colored outfit sings with men in white shirts on an outside stage at twilight.
658 A group of people dressed in costumes are on a stage performing.
659 Women wearing black tanks and gold fringe and women in red uniforms play a rugby match on a neighborhood athletic field.
659 Girls' teams play soccer on an outdoor field.
659 A referee makes a call during an outdoor mostly women's soccer game.
659 2 soccer teams in red and white play in a neighborhood park on a residential street.
659 Two teams are playing a game on a field outside on a sunny day.
660 Fireworks light up night sky over city lights.
660 fireworks explode over a city near water
660 A large display of fireworks goes off over a town at night.
660 Red blue yellow and orange fireworks above a city at night.
660 Fireworks bursting over a city with lights and a bridge on a dark night.
661 A long-haired male performer wearing a dark suit sings into a microphone while the silhouettes of five female dancers are seen behind him.
661 A male with shoulder length curly hair dressed in a black suit and skinny black tie is singing with silhouettes of dancing girls behind him.
661 A man with long dark hair sings into a microphone as the shadows of dancing women appear in black on a light blue background.
661 A man sings into a mic as the silhouettes of women are projected onto a blue screen behind him.
661 A man in a black suit is singing with people dancing behind him.
662 A person with a white bear hat on claps the hands together that hang on either side
662 Person kneeling on boulders outdoors wears polar bear mask with fur strips at sides which person repeatedly shakes.
662 a person wearing a white mask that looks like a polar bear sits on some rocks and waves the mask's arms
662 Person with pink tights and a bear's mask shakes his hands sitting on the rocks as another with red coat looks on.
662 Person wearing a dog's puppet head on his head is sitting on a rock and flopping his ears at night time.
663 A little boy looks a t phone as he sits sideways on a motor bike when a little girl drinking something looks over at his view and an adult woman stands in the background of an outdoor street.
663 A young boy sits on a motorcycle in a village with white-painted single-story houses, talking to a man off-camera, as a young girl pushes into the picture.
663 While a little boy is looking at something in his hands a little girl comes over to take a look.
663 A shirtless Asian boy is sitting backwards on a stationary motorbike looking at his phone as a young Asian girl takes a peek.
663 A young Asian girl speaks to a shirtless boy who is sitting on the seat of a motorcycle in the courtyard of a home.
664 A horse drawn carriage carries 2 people through a cobble stoned city street.
664 Two tourist men ride in a horse-drawn carriage in front of a European castle with an elaborate statue of a man in a niche of the castle.
664 A horse carriage drive by holding two men on a sunny day.
664 Two men ride in a white horse drawn carriage on a cobblestone street In a historic area of a German city.
664 Two men ride in a horse-drawn carriage on a city street.
665 A young Asian man using a black marker on a white painted area of brown paper laughs with a young Asian woman after accidentally ripping the paper.
665 A woman in a white top watches a man in a black tee shirt draw on a board with a marker.
665 A man is drawing on large brown paper as a woman speaks to him and the paper rips.
665 A man in black draws on brown paper with a black marker talking about the human form and a young woman next to him challenges him and the paper rips so the two people confront in anger.
665 A man is drawing on a large sheet of brown paper while a woman watches when a section of the paper falls off the wall.
666 People walking through steam in the city.
666 People of mixed races and mixed ages are standing around on a wet pavement with haze around them on a partially cloudy day.
666 Steam rises from wet pavement as many, some of whom are barefooted, walk on pavement under sunny sky.
666 a few people walk through smoke or fog in the plaza of an old European city then, in a new scene, children run through mist on a flat surface
666 A lot of people are gathered on the shore of a beach wadding in the water on a sunny day.
667 A teenage girl with long black hair walks toward the waves on a beach carrying a surf board.
667 A young girl heads to the ocean holding her surf board.
667 A young girl walks on sand towards the ocean with a surf board in her hand on a sunny day.
667 An Asian girl wearing a bathing suit carries a white surf board down the beach toward the sea.
667 A preteen girl with long black hair wearing a turquoise shirt carries a white surfboard toward the ocean on a sunny day.
668 in a room with other photographic equipment, two men in black shirts discuss three large telephoto lenses
668 Two men at long table with some instruments on stand in large room, as shorter man wearing glasses talks to other man, while adjusting some of the instruments.
668 A man describes the difference in the three cameras on a table to another man in a room.
668 White thin man with glasses explains cameras to white man inside a store filled with many cameras.
668 Man with glasses explains technical details of three cameras to another man
669 A glider glides across the face of a snow-covered mountain in bright daylight.
669 Against a clear blue sky, a glider with white striped wings, a white tail, and a light red nose drifts down in front of a snow covered rocky mountain with a small clump of evergreens.
669 A glider plane moves down to the valley below high, snow-covered mountains.
669 A hang glider is seen gliding in front of snowcapped mountains on a , clear day.
669 A person is hand gliding in between snowy mountains outside.
670 A bicyclist wearing riding shorts and a helmet peddles up a long hill.
670 A male bicyclist dressed in white, slowly rides up a quiet winding road in steep rocky mountains.
670 A man in white t-shirt, shorts and bike helmet pedals up a steep mountain road.
670 You can see the view up a steep incline along a scenic road and then a cyclist slowly ascending the same road or one that resembles it.
670 A man dressed in a white outfit is biking on winding mountain road outside on a cloudy day.
671 A man with an apron on is cooking in an outside market.
671 Outside, traffic moves by outdoor Asian food stand where man prepares food.
671 a man in a faded blue shirt and grey apron cooks something at a sidewalk stand as traffic passes in front of him
671 Cars pass by as an Asian man wearing a hat and an apron. tends to a pile off food he is cooking on a stand.
671 Street vendor selling meet is stirring the food as cars drive by in front of him in daylight.
672 A video of Venetian Falls stone wall in front of tall palm trees outside on a sunny day.
672 The entrance to a neighborhood called 'Venetian Falls' is shown between tall palm trees against a clear blue sky.
672 A stone wall with a sign on it and palm trees behind it is seen on a sunny day.
672 This is an outdoor daylight scene of a stone wall bearing the sign 'Venetian Falls.'
672 On a clear sunny day, the camera zooms in on the meticulously landscaped Venetian Falls entrance wall in front of four large palm trees.
673 Woman's hands turn red skirt hand on hangar as she examines.
673 a man in a blue t-shirt holds up and inspects an orange garment
673 A woman looks at a red skirt while holding it in her hands.
673 A blue dressed woman with many pendants shows a red dress on a hanger on a TV show.
673 Woman dressed in blue holds up a red garment, next to a store's window.
674 A balding man with a light brown mustache and short beard enters a dark tent from outside shooting a video with a large camera on his shoulder.
674 A bearded man in a grey jacket aims a video camera in an interior space.
674 A man video tapes inside of a kitchen in a tent.
674 A balding man films with a commercial camera inside a darkened shed.
674 A man is holding a large video camera and is videotaping someone.
675 a man gets up from a small table overlooking a street and walks off to the right and the young woman he was with sips her drink and arranges her clothes
675 Man rises from small table holding cup and glass and leaves as woman continues to sit, sips through straw and fidgets, not looking over bar railing into room with many lights on tables.
675 A man gets up from a table and walks away leaving a woman sitting there taking a sip of her drink in a bar.
675 A white young woman and a man sitting in a bar at a table, the man stands up and leaves, the woman stays behind and finishes her drink inside a dark bar.
675 Man gets up from table at outdoor bar as woman sips a drink at night.
676 A medium sized black dog with white trim wearing a light green collar walks across the sidewalk in the grass toward the camera
676 A woman next to an iron railing looks through a telescope at a city across the river from her.
676 A woman looks across a river at a city using a long distance viewer.
676 A dark-haired woman films a city skyline across from her across a river with an island of pilings showing above the water level.
676 A woman in black and white stands on a platform looking through a telescope at a view of building across the water on a cloudy day.
677 A man in black stands by a monitor showing someone skateboarding in a room with people watching.
677 Skateboarder comes down steep cement slope and falls, photographed by a person inside the semi-enclosed building.
677 a skateboarder coming of the rim of a tube crashes and slides to the end of the ramp
677 Skate boarder falls down off a wall.
677 Young man skateboards down, and falls while another white man talk into a microphone at a park in daytime
678 Three men hugging in an event hall with people sitting down .
678 Group of people of various races are hugging and standing in a crowded room indoors while music is playing
678 At front of many milling people in large room with elevated curtained windows, three men, two wearing glasses, all with dark hair, smilingly meet and give brief hugs.
678 in a crowded auditorium, a smiling man in a black suit with wide sliver lapels and a white shirt and tie is hugged and patted on the back by two younger men
678 Three men are hugging each other in a room filed with a large group of people.
679 People shop at an outdoor produce stand.
679 A black woman carries a box and package on her head as she shops in a native market with a woman running the market and a black man walking by to the parking lot.
679 Women are standing near a vegetable stand when a man in a white hat walks by outside on a sunny day.
679 A black woman carrying a box and black bag on her head is conversing with another black woman who is a vendor in a farmers market.
679 A black woman carrying packages on her head is shopping at an outdoor vegetable market.
680 A black belt martial art man does a Nun-chucks dance on a stage , barefoot and with a black curtain behind displaying the word PETE.
680 Asian man twirls an object in his hand as he turns around and flips over on a stage with dark background
680 Barefoot man wears white shirt with black ties and leaps and twirls in air while holding silver lengths in both hands on stage backed by black hangings.
680 a barefoot man in a karate suit (white shirt, black belt, and black trousers) moves acrobatically and waves weapons in each hand
680 A man in a white outfit on makes martial arts moves on a stage.
681 Overlay identifies skier shown skiing down steep snow covered but rocky mountain side.
681 an alpine skier goes off some steep rocks, lands, and skis down a steep slope
681 A person skies down a really steep ski slope on a sunny day.
681 Snowboarder goes down the rocky slope.
681 A skier skiing down a mountain with snow and some rocks, jumps over a rock successfully in bright daylight.
682 A young girl dressed in warm clothing is walking through a group of tall trees.
682 A woman in jeans and a horizontally-striped parka and a white knit cap walks along a narrow path between two very-high hedges reaching over her head.
682 A young girl wearing a hat and fleece walks through well-tended trees outdoors while holding a camera.
682 A woman wearing a knit cap, a jacket and jeans and carrying a camera walks through a garden.
682 A teenage girl with long brown hair wearing a red and white knit cap, blue striped sweatshirt and jeans appears suddenly among tall evergreen trees.
683 a group of people carry a long banner as part of a marching demonstration
683 Line of people walk on paved road near treed park while holding long sign with words on it.
683 A parade of protesters carrying a long banner walk down a street on a sunny day.
683 Group of Hispanic people marching on a road next to trees carrying a big banner on a sunny day
683 Demonstrators in a park walk carrying a long large white banner with red and black writings on it during the day with a large woman with long brown hair in jeans walking next to them.
684 White gloved hands are seen examining a carved foot comprised of many layers of colored wood.
684 An individual wearing white gloves is turning a colorful carved object over in his or her hands.
684 A person wearing white gloves examines a multi colored sculpture of a foot and leg up to the shin by turning it around to look at it.
684 A gloved person turns a wooden foot and leg with multicolored stripes to its jagged end below the knee.
684 Someone in white gloves is holding a piece of art in their hands.
685 A woman sitting at a dinner table under a lamp in a dark dining room speaks to a little boy before he gets up.
685 A woman sitting at an indoor table speaks to a boy at the table who rises from his chair.
685 A woman and little boy sit at a table in lamplight and the little gets up to leave.
685 A woman talks to a boy who stands up and approaches her in a dining room with a pot on the table, lighted by an overhead lamp.
685 A woman is talking to a small boy at a table in a dark room with a light over top.
686 standing in the box of a small indoor crane, a man wearing a white t-shirt and dark shorts takes a long skinny thing out of his pocket
686 Man wearing hat stands with tools on raised orange metal work platform positioned in front of white wall.
686 A man on an orange lift paints a wall white outside.
686 Brown skinned man is standing on a metal scaffold does work on a white wall of a building during daylight.
686 Man on scaffold at side of building
687 A man in a cap is holding a baby in white in an outdoor city space.
687 A man in a black hoodie and cap holding a baby in white with red hat raps as other people behind him in a playground sway to the rhythm.
687 A dark-bearded man sings and points to a baby he holds in a blanket, at dusk in front of a playground in a residential area.
687 On a winter day, a man stands on an urban playground and sings to the camera while holding a baby as a group of people, some with children, sway to the music in the background.
687 A man in a hoodie is holding a baby and singing while others are watching outside.
688 White young man turns from the stove, pours liquid in a cup inside a small kitchen.
688 man pouring hot water from kettle in kitchen.
688 a man in a grey shirt takes a hot pot from the stove and pours water into a glass.
688 Man standing in kitchen takes pitcher and pours something from it into cup.
688 A man in a gray shirt pours a cup of coffee in a kitchen.
689 A woman wearing an animal print outfit stands before a marked wall and a man on a motorcycle rides up to her and stops.
689 A woman with long hair, white on top and black starting at her ears waits in from of a graffitied wall until a white helmeted man on a motor scooter arrives driving on his front tire.
689 A woman in a leopard outfit watches as a man riding on one wheel rides on a motorcycle towards her.
689 A motorcyclist dressed in black, white, and red rides up to a woman with platinum and black hair wearing a brown print romper and does a stoppie.
689 A woman in a short skirt watches a man on a motorcycle do a wheel stand in front of a graffiti-covered wall.
690 In a neighborhood baseball game, a red-shirted batter runs to first base just as a blue-shirted first-baseman catches the ball.
690 2 nonprofessional teams play American baseball with spectators watching them.
690 A baseball team is playing on a field on a sunny day.
690 Two teams play baseball on an outdoor field.
690 A man in a red Jersey hits a baseball and is thrown out at first base during a game at a community field.
691 kids on bicycles with decorated front wheels ride around in a parking lot
691 Outdoor setting where five children ride their bikes on roadway near grass median.
691 A group of people are holding sticks and riding their bikes playing a game outside on a sunny day.
691 Group of boys all wearing helmets, on colorfully decorated bicycles and colorful T-shirts, are bicycling in a closed off area out doors at nighttime.
691 Men in blue and red shirts play game of Polo on bicycles with a white and a red car in the background.
692 A man rides a bicycle in to a dark cave during the daytime.
692 a man bicycles along a narrow path at the bottom of a steep tropical valley
692 In daytime, man with helmet slowly rides bike on narrow dirt trail bounded by walls of boulders and a stream.
692 Bicyclist with helmet bicycles in the forest passing large rocks on a cloudy day.
692 Off road male bicyclist with a gray backpack and helmet rides by gray rocks on a mountain trail during the day
693 A man in a black suit stands in the isle of a library skimming through a book.
693 A young man in evening clothes is in a library where he looks through the pages of a book he has taken from a shelf.
693 A man in evening dress stands in an aisle of a library frantically looking through a book.
693 Dressed in black tie and standing between tall black bookcases, a young man with black hair flips intensely through the pages of a book
693 A man wearing a suit and a bowtie is looking through a book in the aisle of a library.
694 A man in a black hat and shirt holds an object in his hand while sitting on the back of a car with the hatch up on a sunny day.
694 A man sits in the hatch of a car and removes a plexiglass lid from an orange container.
694 A blonde young man standing at an open SUV hatch demonstrates how something snaps right off of something in front of him as he speaks.
694 A blonde man with a black Hat and black shirt sits on the back of his open vehicle and demonstrates how to take an object apart.
694 A man in a black cap sits on the rear tailgate of a vehicle and disassembles some piece of gear.
695 A bicyclist surrounded by other cyclists holds up a bike tire in each hand in a park at night.
695 a uniformed bicyclist stands over a racing bike and holds two street bike tires over his head
695 Man wearing helmet stands astride bike and raises two wheels above his head with others standing a ways back at tables at edge of drive.
695 Young white bicyclist holds up high above his head 2 tires surrounded by other bicyclists on a race track in sunlight.
695 Bicyclist raising two wheels up as others look on.
696 A woman in a black shirt holds a pad in her lap while giving a talk.
696 A woman sitting in front of a map holds some papers and speaks to the camera.
696 A blonde woman in a black shirt speaks in front of a map about events on both sides of a political boundary,.
696 A woman with dark blonde hair and glasses wearing a black top stands in front of a map and discusses scarce water resource conservation.
696 A woman with glasses sits in front of a map indoors.
697 A bride and groom embrace and kiss each other on a street near a building.
697 a bride and groom kiss on a busy street and none of the passersby notice
697 A man in suit embraces woman wearing white and the two kiss on a city street.
697 Young white bride in a white wedding dress and a white young groom are standing on the street kissing while he puts his arm around the waist of the bride in daylight.
697 Bride and groom kiss on the sidewalk in the evening.
698 A slightly bald man draws a black and white picture on a wall.
698 A male with his back to the camera draws in black and white creating a large scale picture that includes people.
698 A dark-haired man faces a wall and draws a picture of a woman looking to the left with a child reach out to cling to her..
698 A male artist with short black hair projects a shadow onto a black and white figural drawing in progress.
698 Man wearing a white tee shirt draws with a black marker.
699 A man and woman stand back to back holding cigars in a no smoking area.
699 a man in a blue suit and white shirt and a woman in a lacy white dress hold long cigars and dance
699 A bearded man and a woman in white stand back to back each holding up long cigars then turn toward each other laughing as text below says No Smoking!
699 A young white man and a young white woman are smiling as they smoke outdoors at night time.
699 Man lough as woman smokes with a no smoking sign.
700 A Caucasian woman is sitting is holding and reading a newspaper in a sunny room.
700 A woman reads a newspaper indoors with a white board behind her.
700 a woman reads a newspaper seated in what looks like a beauty salon, with her hair pulled back into an intricate arrangement.
700 A woman with brown upswept hair sits in a chair at a salon and reads a tabloid size newspaper.
700 A woman looks at a newspaper in possibly a salon.
701 Two black men are singing on a rooftop outside on a cloudy day.
701 2 men perform a song as they stand on a concrete plaza overlooking a city.
701 A black man in a white jacket sings on an outdoors ramparts with a cityscape behind him down the hill from the sidewalk where he sings.
701 In a video marked ((ALOFOKELMISIC)), two hip-hop performers are seen on a rooftop high above a city.
701 Two black men, one wearing a black cap and the other dressed all in black, are doing a rap routine on the roof of a building overlooking a city.
702 A little girl in a red jacket comes down a snowy hill on a sunny day.
702 A little girl rides her red 'snow saucer' down a small incline of a community street as men shovel snow.
702 A blond girl rides on a red tray sled, pushed off by a man at the top of a not very steep slope covered with snow.
702 On red tray sleds, as 3 young men spot, children take turns sledding on a triple track hill.
702 A girl on a plastic saucer slides down a snow-covered slope.
703 A beige dog jumps out of the back of a red truck outside on a sunny day.
703 People open the back of a camping vehicle and a dog comes out.
703 A young man in a blue top lets a big dog out of a read SUV onto a grassy yard outside.
703 A man in shorts lets a yellow lab out the back of a red truck parked in grass near woods as a woman in shorts shuts the driver door.
703 A man in shorts and a green cap and wearing sunglasses opens the tailgate of a red pickup truck and lets a dog jump to the ground.
704 A woman in a yellow helmet and pink jacket shows excitement near a mountain outside on a sunny day.
704 A woman in pink fleece and yellow helmet makes a gesture of victory as she stands in front of gray rocks.
704 A woman in a hot-pink ski jacket and a yellow helmet yells her exaltation as she stands at the top of a rugged mountain climb.
704 A young blonde woman dressed in a bright pink fleece and yellow helmet cheers as she reaches the top of a rocky mountain.
704 A woman wearing a yellow helmet and a pink jacket and holding onto a rope stands next to a wall in the snow and raises her arm and shouts.
705 A bald man with headphones on is talking into the camera inside a room with books on a shelf.
705 A young man with a shaved head is in an office wearing headphones and speaking.
705 A balding man with earphones and an attached microphone speaks in an office with a bookcase full of notebooks and electronic equipment on the top shelf.
705 A man with a shaved head wearing a black A&F sweatshirt and headphones speaks about film subjects in a studio.
705 A man wearing headphones and a dark jacket with the letters A & F is in an interior room in front of a bookcase.
706 A man in a green tee shirt picks up a skateboard and walks away in front of a stadium outside.
706 in a large vacant parking lot in front of a stadium, a skateboarder in a green shirt and jeans picks up his board, points to its wheels, points to himself, and walks away
706 Dark male picks up skateboard, points at it, then taps his chest before walking on large hard surfaced area near large building.
706 Hispanic young man holds up his skateboard, is standing next to a sport arena outdoors on a partially cloudy day.
706 young man showing his skate board in front of a stadium.
707 Two young women and a young man stand in line to vote outside in front of school.
707 People are handed a piece of paper after they walk up to a young man seated at a card table and sign something
707 Three people, two men, one woman, stand outdoors in line at table at which a woman sits handing papers to first man, with sign displayed in back saying 'vote Here' in front of large one-story building.
707 Three young people standing in line, with the first person in line signing a document and receiving a paper in return, outdoors outside of a building during daylight.
707 3 people in line at a polling station as two others are conversing in the back.
708 A man in a suit gives a presentation of a medical team on the video screen in a room.
708 in front of a screen showing a person working at a computer wearing a green gown and white surgical mask, a man in a grey suit talks to an audience
708 Bald man wearing suit talks and motions as he stands next to wall mounted large photo of woman wearing surgical mask and head covering standing at computer screen with mouse in her hand.
708 White middle aged man is standing near a large screen showing health care workers inside an auditorium.
708 A bald man with white shirt and dark jacket gives a presentation showing a nurse with green smock and blue face mask and head cover typing on a computer.
709 A woman in a pink dress walks through a restaurant made of stone.
709 A woman in a fancy dress walks through a large space with drapery hanging and is then led by a man in dark pants, tie, and pants with white shirt toward a buffet where other people serve themselves food.
709 A woman in a red evening dress goes through a curtain into a stone hall set as a restaurant and is greeted by a waiter.
709 In a large stone indoor space, a young woman in a red evening dress and a young man in black tie walk toward a buffet table.
709 A woman in a red dress walks through probably a hotel and is joined by a member of the hotel staff.
710 An African American man sitting at a table with headphones on speaks into the camera.
710 a black man in a white t-shirt and earphones sits next to a mike and talks to the camera in a room full of electronic equipment and books
710 Black man sits, wearing ear phones, with back to desk holding computer screen and talks into mike extended to his face.
710 Black man talking into a microphone in a recording studio in front of a bookcase.
710 A middle aged black man in a studio wearing a white t shirt speaking to a microphone with computer screens a desk and cd's on shelves behind him.
711 A man is looking at the bottom of something with metal rods and another man comes and turns over the one nest to it.
711 In a studio 2 people work on sculptures with wooden bases.
711 A blonde man in black kneels next to pushes over white panels with lots of black metal rods sticking out of them, in a warehouse workspace and fiddles with the bottom.
711 A man turns over a panel of thick cable strips as another man works an adjacent panel
711 A man in dark clothing make adjustments to some metallic object.
712 A man in a blue shirt stands on the side of a cliff near houses singing with his arms stretched out on a sunny day.
712 in front of some low houses, a young man in blue shirt and pants dances at the rim of a cliff
712 Long haired man wearing blue stands outside at edge of rocky gorge singing and swinging arms.
712 Young white man with a black beard is swaying and singing standing on rocky surface near residential houses at daytime.
712 Young dark skin man with a beard and blue suit dances and sings in front of a water fountain in the evening with a brown house, pink house and tan house with red roofs and coconut trees in the background.
713 A group of people standing on a beach in front of grass huts raise their hands in excitement on a sunny day.
713 on a tropical beach, rows of people in swim wear stand behind rows of black and yellow backpacks and cheer
713 Crowd of men, women, children, black and white stand outside with backpacks on ground of front of them, chant, and raise arms above their heads holding black holders.
713 Group of people raising their flippers on a beach in a village next to waters on a sunny day
713 A group of boaters raise their hands and cheer in front of A club house with beach chairs and two small boats one green and one white.
714 A man in a black shirt watches as another man climbs up on top of a large rock.
714 2 young men climb rocks and scales it first.
714 A young man in a white t-shirt climbs a stone outcropping as a man in black turtleneck watches in a wooded setting.
714 Against evergreens and a blue sky, a man in a white T shirt climbs a large rock as a man in a black shirt watches from the ground.
714 A man wearing shorts and a white tee shirt climbs a large rock outside in daylight.
715 A man dressed in a costume talks with papers in his hand on a stage with a red curtain.
715 a man in a brightly colored costume tunic talks to someone off camera to his right
715 Man wearing glasses wears colorful robe, holds papers in left hand and reaches right hand out with palm up before touching his robe, against a dark back ground.
715 White middle ages man in a colorful costume standing on a dark stage is reciting on a stage while holding a piece of paper in his hand
715 Middle aged white man with glasses dressed in a red yellow green and crimson tunic over a blue undershirt is addressing a crowd holding a book and pulling on his tunic.
716 People in flight outfits are in a cargo hanger.
716 People are sitting or standing on mats indoors and 2 women are wearing protective suits from head to toe for some kind of exploration.
716 Two white suited men who could be astronauts lie against an indoor wall without helmets among other men in work clothes taking it easy.
716 Two young women in flight suits laugh as they lean against the wall of a large cargo plane among various other men and women.
716 People sit or lie on a green covering on the floor in a building.
717 A person crosses a very small bridge on a cloudy day.
717 a man with a big backpack walks gingerly across a simple bridge over a deep tropical gorge
717 Person wearing backpack walks gingerly across narrow wood construction up above trees over gulley.
717 Man is passing on a wooden foot bridge among trees in daylight.
717 Man crosses a hanging bridge in the Forrest.
718 Three men are sitting on a park bench and one of the men is making gestures with his mouth outside on a sunny day
718 Three men, one in a light blue t=shirt, one bare chested, and one stroking his short red beard, sit on a bench in a park facing the camera
718 Three men sit together outside with tall spindly trees in back and man closest to camera rubs his chin as his mouth is open.
718 Three young man, two white and one brown skinned, are sitting in a park with trees, next to a street lined with cars and houses, during daylight.
718 Three men, two of which are shirtless sitting on a bench on a tree lined street in the afternoon.
719 A man with tattoos is exercising outside on a sunny day.
719 a heavily tattooed man jumps sideways along a path in a park
719 Large man with tattoos over back and side wears shorts with words on them as he runs sideways raising and lowering black clad right arm, wearing orange boxing gloves on both hands.
719 White heavy set man with tattoos all over his body and boxing gloves is bouncing around outdoors in daylight
719 Shirtless tattooed man trains running sideways.
720 A bride lays on a wooden wall and the groom pushes hair from her face on a sunny day.
720 a man adjusts the hair of a woman in a white dress and holding a bunch of white flowers who is reclining on top of a low wall in front of a brick building
720 Woman dressed in white and holding bouquet reclines on wood wall as man standing at her side brushes hair from her forehead.
720 White bride with white dress holding a bouquet sits on a fence with a white man standing besides her and adjusts her blonde hair during daylight.
720 White bride wearing white with a white bouquet in her hand lays on her side on the train platform as the groom dressed in a dark suite fixes her hair during the day.
721 A group of people are on their knees in a circle praying.
721 Young people sit in the aisles of a gathering place, their heads bent in prayer.
721 A group of boys sits in a circle in the dimly-lit aisle of a theater, and an adult man in a red shirt has his hands on the back of one of the boys
721 Small groups of young Asian people holding hands sit on the floor with their heads bowed in the aisle of an auditorium.
721 A group of kids sits together on the floor of a theater or auditorium.
722 A group of people in swim wear are shouting and jumping on a sunny day on the beach.
722 a bunch of people in beachwear shout and gesture at something near the camera
722 Young people all wearing swimming attire give negative hand signs and jump around on beach.
722 Bare chested young tanned men and one woman jump and cheer on the beach on a sunny day
722 A group of young people holler and jump on the beech during spring break.
723 A man dressed in a suit is standing at a podium giving a speech in a room in front of a video presentation.
723 A man makes a presentation from a podium with a power point diagram projected on a screen behind him.
723 A man in a dark suit and tie stands in front of a lectern as a large slide illustrates in a darkened setting what he is talking about.
723 Dominique Thomas, an R&D Director from STMicroelectronics is shown with one of his slides during a presentation.
723 A man wearing glasses and a suit speaks from behind a podium.
724 A man on a dirt bike takes a jump as he goes over a hill on a sunny day.
724 a rider drives a motorcycle over a ramp and flies for a while then lands smoothly
724 Motorcycle rises in air then down as cyclist continues on round track in daylight with many cars parked further up road.
724 Man on a motorcycle jump over dirt hills on a track outside under blue skies.
724 Off road bike performing a jump in an off road arena.
725 Young Asian woman sitting in a large room show excitement with each other.
725 two girls at the back of an audience squeal excitedly and jump up and down as the girls in front of the them around to congratulate them
725 In crowded assemblage, four Asian girls wearing similar style jackets, sit in last two rows of chairs talking, motioning.
725 Asian group of young teens are cheering in an outdoor event most sitting on white chairs during daytime.
725 Group of girls get excited as they hear a man speak in an auditorium.
726 A group of young men and women dressed in red and black do a step dance in a gymnasium.
726 A female dance group with a male in the center performs their dance moves at an indoor space while wearing black leggings and read and black checked vests.
726 An Asian man along with a chorus of long-haired woman dance in identical red-and-black checked vests over black pants and white sneakers inside a gym
726 A dance troop, including a young Asian male in front of a group of redheaded dancers, all wearing large red and black checked vests, black pants, and white shoes, is performing.
726 A group of performers wearing black pants and black and red shirts dance under a sign saying 'Sklaven des Beat.'
727 A video is being shot with music playing of a large cathedral church.
727 The camera pans the interior of a large, ornate chapel.
727 A cathedral-like church is shown with high stone walls and a mass of lighted candles at the end with illustrations on the ceiling.
727 Shown are interior architectural features in the nave of a gothic cathedral including an intricate multicolored vaulted mosaic ceiling, rosette windows, pointed arches, clustered columns, and a massive pipe organ.
727 Light shines in through the windows in the interior of a Gothic-style church.
728 A waitress is placing food on a table for a customer in a restaurant.
728 two waiters serve pancakes and eggs in a pancake house
728 In a restaurant, dishes with food are served from a round tray sitting on a stand.
728 Two people are picking up plates filled with food in a restaurant indoors
728 Server serves food plates as customer helps.
729 A car passes a glass building outside on a cloudy day.
729 a black car with white and yellow writing on its side drives past a glass office building
729 Cloudy day, auto comes down road passing four-story building with walls composed mostly of windows.
729 Car drives on the road by a four story building surrounded with grass, during a cloudy day.
729 Car passing by building with many glass windows.
730 A woman in sunglasses sits in a theater chair in the dark chewing gum.
730 A woman sits in an empty theater wearing sunglasses as jazz music plays.
730 A woman in a sleeveless dress alone in a darkened movie theater wears sunglasses and chews gum as she stares straight ahead.
730 A young black haired woman wearing a sleeveless white dress and sunglasses holds a drink and chews gum as she breathes heavily in a movie theater
730 A woman in sunglasses and holding a paper cup with a straw sits in a theater seat.
731 A woman with a blue surf board walks and gets on it in the water on a sunny day.
731 three people walk down a path with two surfboards, the scene shifts on one woman paddling a board into the surf and clearing her nose
731 Under blue sunny skies with a few clouds, woman wearing orange shirt and one seen earring brings surfing board to water, getting on board and proceeding into water.
731 Young white woman in water while three other young women are carrying surf boards on a cloudy day
731 Surfers going down to the beach with surfboards and a young woman floating on a surfboard.
732 Two women on a split screen are talking to each other while in two different places.
732 on a split screen a blonde woman in a white shirt talks to a dark haired woman
732 In a split screen two women talk to each other with a microphone evident on table in front of woman on right.
732 Two white young females talking, one with long blond hair and white top, the other with brown hair and black top sitting inside next to a window during daylight.
732 Two women talking in a studio.
733 A lot of clothes are laying on the on a brick floor inside a room.
733 Swim towels and plastic clogs are on a tile floor waiting for the swimmers to some back and get them.
733 Children's brightly colored clothes lie in heaps on a brick floor inside a brightly lighted building.
733 Piles of brightly colored summer clothes and various rubber shoes are strewn over a tan brick floor
733 Various articles of clothing and shoes lie on the floor in an indoor space.
734 A person is riding a motorcycle outside on a sunny day.
734 You can see the view of a motorcycle rider as they travel a no passing road with trees on both sides on a sunny day.
734 A person on a motorcycle drives on the right side of a country road edged with mature trees.
734 A view through the windshield shows a motorcycle traveling down a wooded winding road in the mountains on a sunny day.
734 A rider pilots a motorcycle down a heavily wooded curvy road.
735 A woman in a black jacket watch a man on a television screen talking inside a room.
735 Inside a professional space, a woman seen from the back, using a standing desk, listens to a man speaking on a screen.
735 A woman an ultra modern apartment stands facing a big TV screen (next to another big screen TV) and listens to a man explain that he didn't like college.
735 A woman seated at a table in a modern room watches a video of a man who was disappointed in his university and left.
735 A seated woman wearing a black top watches a television screen in an interior room.
736 A man runs with a parachute getting ready to base jump off a hill on a sunny day.
736 a man with a blue and green hang glider takes off from the grassy side of a low hill
736 Outdoors on grassy hill on sunny day 2 people wearing helmets watch as another person leads an inflated curved air kite up.
736 Two people with helmets are hooked up with strings to a balloon waiting to be lifted up outdoor on a meadow on a sunny day.
736 A para glider takes off as others look on green hill.
737 A man in a light blue shirt stands next to a car and speaks into the camera with sail boats in the distance.
737 a man in a light blue shirt talks alongside a black cart hat is parked next to a small marina
737 Man wearing blue shirt talks and gestures with hands next to a car and further away, a marina, on a sunny day.
737 White man stands next to a blue car parked next to a bay with boats and high rise buildings on a sunny day.
737 A white man with blue shirt explains about a coat applied to a car next to a black car in a marina during the day.
738 A man dressed in a black suit stands in front of a choir while they are singing inside a church.
738 A church choir is led in song by their director in a church.
738 An older man in a black suit faces a choir in front of the organ in a church, with men in black suits and women in black skirts and white tops.
738 In a classic church sanctuary, an older man in a black suit leads a choir, men dressed in suits and women in white blouses and long black skirts.
738 A choir sings in a church.
739 An Asian man pours something into the mans cups he is sitting next then sets the bottle down on the table.
739 in an Asian cafe, an Asian man pours something into another man's glass and sets down the bottle
739 Two Asian men and a woman sit at round red table with bottles on it backing to colorful striped awning and half wall.
739 Two asian man and one asian woman sitting at a table while one man pours beer into a glass in front of striped seats and striped awnings
739 Man pouring drink to another man as a woman watches in a cafe.
740 A woman with a scarf on her head places a hat on a baby she is holding while a man next to her smokes a cigarette.
740 A woman makes sure a baby is neat by removing a thread from its clothing as a mean smokes while leaning on a shelf unit looking into the distance dreamily.
740 A black woman with a short haircut, stands next to a woman in African attire with a baby on her lap, and the standing woman smiles as she leans back.
740 A black man in a red, white, and blue tank standing next to a black woman in African dress holding a baby, gazes as puffs on a cigarette.
740 A black woman holding a cigarette leans against a shelf while a second woman adjusts a cap on a baby.
741 A man is laying still on the ground while a woman in orange kneels next to him and takes her hands back and forth over him outside.
741 under a canopy, a man in an orange t-shirt waves his hand back and forth over the body of a reclining man in a blue t-shirt and tan shorts
741 Man wearing blue shirt and beige shorts reclines full length on pad as another man wearing sunglasses sits next to him fanning right hand back and forth with tent structures in back on sunny day.
741 White older man lays flat on his back in a tent while an older fat woman is fanning her hand back and forth over his body at daytime.
741 A heavy White man with sunglasses and orange cutoff t shirt waves his hand over the body of a middle aged man wearing a blue t shirt and tan shorts and white socks laying on his back in a white tent in the park .
742 Three men wearing hoodies are standing by a road with a dog and trying to make weird sounds by flicking their faces with their fingers.
742 3 young men wearing hoodies are outdoors in a park setting with 1 dog and they are trying to make a popping sound with their mouths but only 1 succeeds so he gets a fist bump from his friend.
742 A young man in a hoodie with a dog and another young man in red teach a 3rd young man in a blue hoodie how to make a popping noise by flicking his finger against his neck.
742 On a road in the woods, three young men In hoodies ping their cheeks and chins to make a sound, and high five when successful.
742 A man in a black sweatshirt holding a dog on a leash and two other men stand next to a paved road outdoors, and two of the men bump fists.
743 Two men sit outside on a bench smoking then a man inside a room sings while smoking.
743 Two men sit at opposite ends of a picnic table in a park, the scene shifts to one of them smoking and singing at a table, then back to the two on a bench
743 Young Black man wears a T-shirt with words 'SHHH This is my hangover shirt' on front as he sits smoking at table inside then is sitting on bench next to trees outdoors.
743 One hispanic and one black man who is singing, are sitting on top of a bench near trees during daylight.
743 Man sings as he smokes indoors and two men sit on a bench under the tree .
744 As a man is walking past a car outside he is holding a present and is unwrapping it.
744 A man in white shirt and vest walks near parked cars opening a box from an iconic American jeweler as he goes.
744 A man in a formal white shirt and grey vest walks outside between a wall and a car while opening a box.
744 A brown haired young white man dressed in a gray vest and pants and a white dress shirt with a popped collar and loose french cuffs is walking between a concrete wall and a parked silver sedan while removing a white ribbon from a small blue box, and opening it to reveal a blue pouch.
744 In a daytime outdoor setting, a man wearing a white shirt and a grey vest pulls the ribbon off a small box as he walks between a wall and a light-colored car.
745 A statue of a cross on a stand is on the side of a road.
745 In a green mountainous area with little cottages up on a hill, a small sculpture of a cross with a man on 1 side of the cross and a woman on the other, is displayed on its metal base.
745 Along a country road and overlooking a town in a valley, a pillar stands with a cross and a woman's figure in front.
745 An iron crucifix on a post is shown with a view of a valley and green mountains across a river in the background
745 An iron marker topped by a cross stands overlooking a river valley.
746 A group of people are standing around something burning outside in the dark.
746 A group of people gather together around s pile of flammable material outside at dawn or dusk.
746 At dusk, a group of people stand around outside as a cube or large box burns, in the country with a row of buildings far in the back and a black flag by the side.
746 A group in a field is circled around a burning pallet at dusk with a black and white flag visible to the side.
746 As darkness falls, a group of around 12 to 15 people are gathered around a fire in a park-like setting.
747 Family stands in park under coconut trees during the day.
747 One adult, bent over, a young boy and a toddler are in a forest observing a plant surrounded by tall palm trees in daylight.
747 A woman and little boy are watching a white butterfly and are joined by a toddler standing in the middle of palm trees on a sunny day.
747 A grove of many palm trees and at edge barely visible is a table with an adult sitting as a small child walks away.
747 a woman and two small children look a t palm trees planted in a park
748 A woman wearing a white tee shirt and a microphone stands on a balcony overlooking a city street.
748 From a rooftop above a narrow street lined with tall apartments, a brown skinned young woman in a white T shirt Is interviewed.
748 A woman in a white tee shirt speaks into a camera outside near buildings on a sunny day.
748 A woman in a white t-shirt with short hair behind her ears stands on a roof of a narrow road with new modern buildings .
748 A young woman with a facial piercing stands outdoors on a terrace a few stories high and talks to the camera.
749 Fireworks at night above a city's coastline.
749 Fireworks over a city with lights during night time
749 Fireworks are going off in the sky at night.
749 On a hill at night, city lights are in the background as fireworks light up.
749 fireworks explode above a river next to a large city
750 A child dressed in white with a black helmet, black belt, and black gloves takes a martial arts lesson in a gymnasium.
750 A young martial arts student wearing white spars with a kneeling adult in a gym.
750 Two people in white karate outfits practice their moves with each other in a gymnasium.
750 A child and coach spar as a part of martial arts lesson in a gym.
750 A boy dressed in white with gloves on and a helmet fights with a kneeling instructor on an indoor basketball court.
751 The first basemen in a baseball game takes a throw and tags a runner coming toward the base.
751 A baseball player in a black and white uniform running the third base line loses his hat as he is tagged out at home by a player in a navy blue uniform.
751 A team of baseball players are playing on a field outside on a sunny day.
751 A baseball player in a dark jersey catches a ball and tags a runner out on an outside baseball field.
751 A baseball player runs over a base as the baseman throws the baseball to the catcher.
752 Young woman hits the golf ball on a golf course surrounded by trees and houses on a partially sunny day.
752 Baseball player hits a ball on a tee.
752 A woman in jeans hits a baseball on a stick in a baseball field on a sunny day.
752 a woman in a black top and blue tights hit a baseball off a tee to two outfielders
752 Pony-tailed woman hits baseball from its mount across dirt field.
753 Skate boarder takes off on skateboard.
753 Young white man holding a skateboard is starting to skate on the sidewalk on a busy street surrounded with people an cars near palm trees in sunlight.
753 A man in a brown shirt with orange writing rides off on his skateboard outside on a sunny day.
753 Outdoors, a man gets on skateboard he had been holding in right hand and skates off past people walking.
753 in a parking lot with palm tree around it, a young man holds up a soda can, gets on a skateboard, and rides away through a thin crowd
754 A man and a woman paddle a rubber boat in the sea
754 A young woman and man In a yellow and blue kayak , both wearing blue life jackets, paddle up to and brush by another kayak.
754 A man and woman in a yellow canoe paddle toward another yellow canoe with other people in it outside on a sunny day.
754 A woman and a man wield two-sided paddles in a blow-up boat with supplies and push away a similar boat they are plowing into.
754 People paddle an inflatable boat in the ocean on a sunny day.
755 In a video marked Jossi Wells, a skier dressed in black executes a difficult jump over a mountainous slope.
755 A man skiing down a snowy slope goes airborne and does a spin before his landing.
755 A man skiing takes a jump and lands on the ground below him outside on a cloudy day.
755 A skier does a high leap in the air and turns, landing on his feet and gliding in the snow.
755 A skier dressed in black jumps and turns around before landing further down the snow-covered slope.
756 woman telling an audience her contact info as she gives the stage to a large black man
756 Black female is interview by a black woman, while on the stage we see a heavy set black man and a black woman with short black hair, both smiling and holding a microphone.
756 A large black man walks towards a woman with a microphone inside of a white tent.
756 Indoors though sunlight appears through thin white curtains in folded screens, heavy black man wearing glasses and speaking into mike, walks smiling toward smiling black woman as lower right inset screen shows standing woman talking into mike held by black woman, in different indoor setting.
756 in an inset before a larger image of a fat black man carrying a microphone and walking up to and embracing a young black woman in a leopard dress, a young woman in a grey dress and speaking into a microphone held by someone outside the image
757 A man in shorts jogs down the platform in a train or subway station.
757 A man in a red shirt and black shorts carrying 2 black bags hurries down an escalator to the platform toward a stopped train.
757 A man in a pink shirt runs downs the stairs onto a platform of a train station.
757 In an underground subway, a man in shorts comes down the escalator to the platform with a subway train taking on passengers, rushes, then decides not to take it.
757 A person rides an escalator down to a train platform and gets off.
758 A woman and three men carry construction materials through the Woods
758 Two men in caps are carrying a large concrete block on a path in a wooded area.
758 Three men are walking in the woods carrying cement blocks on sticks.
758 A group of people working together walk together carrying some debris outdoors.
758 A group of men walk a forest trail with one white man in a grey shirt and a black man in a chartreuse shirt carry a heavy block threaded on a big stick between them.
759 Asian young boys are walking in a parade performing dances outdoor in daylight.
759 Young men practice martial arts.
759 Young boys with heads bands on are practicing martial arts moves.
759 Asian men in loin clothes rhythmically practice combat moves
759 Men on paved outdoor area move in crouched manner alternately raising arms and clenched fists.
760 Older white man r wearing a silver watch ruffles the hair of a white young woman as the stand in a room with a mirror and a calendar on the wall.
760 A woman with black hair sits next to a wall calendar and a wall phone, as a man comes over to toss her hair indoors.
760 A group of women are together and a man comes up from behind one of them and messes her hair up in a dark room.
760 In darkened room, man's hands tousle a woman's long dark hair.
760 someone fluffs up her hair while a woman stands in front of a calendar showing the month of April
761 Man with shades on operating an instrument on a rocky beach during the day.
761 White man with beard holds an instrument while standing between the sea and a rocky mountain on a bright sunny days, surrounded by other measuring instruments.
761 A woman standing with a control panel in her hands has a drone circling her outside in a field on a sunny day.
761 It's a bright sunny day as a long-haired man wearing a loose dark vest and wearing goggles while holding a camera, stands in a grassy field overlooking ocean and hill while circled by a camera
761 an aircraft with a white and blue nose faces a young man wearing a dark blue t-shirt and goggles who holds a device and stands near an antenna as the aircraft circles him
762 A close-up of a white man shows only his hands and his gray long sleeve top and black pants as he closes a speckled box marked R-Kive .
762 A man wearing a grey shirt closes a grey box.
762 A man is closing up a box in a room.
762 A person tucks in the closure of a cardboard file box.
762 A man in a grey top tucks the top of a legal-documents-sized box carefully.
763 Man falls off bicycle on street then gets up.
763 Man with helmet rides a bicycle, jumps over an incline, falls down, and stands up in an open area next to two buildings in the daytime.
763 A man with a helmet jumps a step with his bike and falls off outside near a building.
763 On cobbled area man rides bike over a divider, he and bike fall, he rolls to a stand and gets up.
763 a man rides a bike across a parking lot and up the curb but loses balance and falls then gets up
764 A young brown haired woman in a black jacket and red backpack carrying a white tote from a film festival stops along a paved path and takes a picture with her phone.
764 A woman with a red backpack and a white tote stops on an outdoor path and takes out a camera and aims it.
764 A woman walking down a hill with a red backpack on her back pulls out her cell phone and takes a picture.
764 A young woman with a canvas bag walks down a ramp in a park and stops to take a picture with her phone.
764 A young woman with a red backpack walking down an asphalt path stops to take a picture of someone she sees who interests her, such as 'fat old men'
765 Choral group of women and 2 men singing in black dresses are conducted by a man conductor, standing in front of red screen on a stage.
765 coir of 6 women and one man dressed in black against a red portable screen wall face a conductor with black jacket and gray pants raising his left hand.
765 A man conducts a choir in a room with a red folding screen.
765 in front of a wall of orange partitions, a man in a black blazer and blue jeans conducts a group of five singing women all dressed in black
765 Men and women all dressed in black, stand with material in front of them on stands, singing as man in front directs.
766 A ref calls a penalty on the dark blue team during an indoor mens basketball game and gives the ball to the medium blue team.
766 Teams play basketball in a gym.
766 A group of men are playing basketball on an indoor basketball court.
766 A group of men dressed in blue pay a game with a ball indoors.
766 On an inside basketball court, play resumes as one player throws out a basketball.
767 man holding yellow bag slides down a mountain slope.
767 White young man in helmet and sunglasses is sliding down a snow covered hill holding a yellow plastic blow-up animal in sunlight.
767 A man in a white ski suit goes down a hill fast with a stuffed animal attached to him on a sunny day.
767 Helmeted man jounces along, carrying yellow pack, no side of snow covered field with many ski tracks.
767 on a snowy mountain, a man in a white snowsuit and helmet carries tan and yellow packs on his lap as he rides along on an unseen vehicle
768 Two musicians singing as man with face mask dances.
768 Two white men are playing guitars while a third white man is dancing to music in a room next to a wall pitch pictures
768 Two men are playing guitar on a stage and a man is dancing in a room.
768 Two men, each with floor mike, play guitars and sing as another man moves from side to side pumping arms around himself in rhythm.
768 in front of a brick wall, two men play guitars and sing as a third man wearing a balaclava dances in front of them
769 Three women with hats and boots and a little dog walk on a road in the woods on a sunny day.
769 Three women and dog walking on road in the woods.
769 Three women walk down a road with a dog on a sunny day.
769 three women and a dog walk slowly down a paved path above a river
769 Three women wearing coats and with small dog walk down paved road with hill on one side, trees and water on the other.
770 A blond woman wearing red is riding on a man's shoulders and reaches up to pick a fruit from a tree.
770 A blonde woman in a red top riding on a man's shoulders reaches high up in a sun drenched tree and grabs something green.
770 A woman in a red shirt attempts to pick something off of a tree outside on a sunny day.
770 A blonde woman in a red top reaches up to pick a cluster of grapes from an overhead trellis of vines.
770 A woman sits on the shoulders of a man and picks a fruit from a tree branch.
771 Conductor conducts an orchestra.
771 White older man with white hair is conducting an orchestra with a woman pianist soloist indoor at a concert hall.
771 A Conductor conducts an orchestra in front of an audience in a concert hall.
771 White haired and bearded man conducts sitting orchestra members who are playing instruments.
771 a fat white haired man in white shirt and tux conducts an orchestra in a concert hall
772 Two men and a pregnant woman sit before many microphones at a press conference.
772 A seated man speaks into a bank of microphones indoors.
772 A man sitting next to a woman and another man speak into a microphone in a room.
772 A man sitting at a table between another man and a pregnant woman speaks into multiple news microphones.
772 A bearded man in a suit sits at a table with several microphones in front of him, sitting between a dark-haired man in a suit and a very-pregnant dark-haired woman
773 Drummers , shirtless and with white headbands drum in a basketball arena.
773 A group of young asian drummers are cheered by a large number of children seated in front of the performers at night time.
773 A group of men without shirts on pound of large drums while an audience watch outside on a sunny day.
773 On sunny day, three men wearing white headbands and black bands criss-crossed over bare backs stand motionless at drums facing assembled crowd of sitting and standing people at end of court.
773 shirtless men in black coveralls holding drumming mallets stand rigidly behind large drums facing an applauding audience sitting on the curb of an open arena in front of a tan building
774 Several people are out of cars that are stopped on a narrow mountain road.
774 With mountains in the background, several people standing behind two parked cars look into the grass at a black parachute on the ground
774 Four men are standing behind a car outside on a sunny day.
774 People stand next to three cars parked along a deserted road, perhaps in a national park, looking at a large pile of black material, perhaps a down parachute.
774 People stand by cars parked in a green grassy area and there is a parachute on the ground.
775 Two old women with white hair and red head bands are talking and laughing outdoors next to a fence and trees in daylight.
775 Two senior women laughing wearing pink hats.
775 Two old blonde ladies dressed exactly alike in pink hats and outfits are talking and laughing into the camera.
775 two elderly women in red sweaters and hats sit in front of a wrought iron fence and some flowering trees and listen to a male voice off screen and then reply and lean back laughing
775 Outdoor sunny day and two women, both silver-haired wearing same color hats, respond with smiles to something said to them.
776 A view from behind a biker wearing a black orange and green jersey advertising Elite golf balls pushing his bicycle up a trail in the woods as other bikers pass by.
776 A person wearing red white and blue striped top rides a bicycle in daylight next to trees
776 A man in a black white and orange shirt rides his bike on a sunny day.
776 Bare gloved hand next to elongated white, orange and black striped uniform holds onto moving bike in area behind handles.
776 in the view from a camera mounted on the back of a bicycle, we see the arm and hand of a man walking a racing bike among other men walking their bikes
777 A native African wearing a red shaggy headdress and large jewelry dances to traditional music.
777 A black man with orange hair performs in some ceremony.
777 An African man with red hair surrounded by others is dancing outside on a sunny day.
777 A person holding something in each hand practices a movement that looks like slicing the air with their arms.
777 Outdoors in an African setting, a bare-chested black man with a red raffia wig dances next to another bare-chested black man to music being sung.
778 Man pulling elk carcass through the woods.
778 Man wearing a red vest dragging something heavy in the middle of a forest during daytime.
778 A hunter is trying to pull an elk through the woods.
778 Man works at moving motorbike through wooded area towards a waterfall during daytime.
778 a man struggles to pull a dead moose through underbrush
779 Water is flowing as different size tires are lined up on the edge on the wall on a cloudy day
779 Gray Water flowing and foaming by a boat dock lined with tires of different sizes.
779 Water rushes into a dock lined with large and small old tires on a sunny day.
779 foamy water flows toward and into a structure of horizontal pipes
779 Various size tires are affixed to a long wall as water laps against it.
780 Hot air balloons soaring.
780 Eight colorful hot air balloon are slowly descending outdoors under a blue sky.
780 A group of hot air balloons are in the air on a sunny day.
780 Multiple hot air balloons descent from dark blue sky.
780 the camera tracks a blue hot air balloon as it drifts with changing groups of other balloons
781 A magazine features a story about a black photographer.
781 An old newspaper article features a black photographer whose life changed after buying a $12.50 camera.
781 A newspaper shows an article of a black man holding a camera.
781 A black photographer is shown in a magazine sheet with a story about how photography became his 'choice of weapons'
781 An old newspaper article gives information about an African American photographer.
782 Hands of a man cutting a bread in half and another person removing one half of the bread.
782 A cook with white coat is cutting a round loaf of bread in half then gathers the two pieces.
782 A chef cuts a large loaf of bread and someone reaches over to take half.
782 a man cuts a loaf of dark bread in half and a third hand reaches in and takes half the loaf as he sets the knife down
782 Male hands cuts round loaf of bread in half on wooden board and another male hand reaches in and takes one.
783 A couple kisses as they dance together in an indoor space.
783 A bride with Brown hair and a tattoo on her shoulder kisses her groom under purple lights as they dance on a dark dance floor
783 A bride and groom are kissing on a dance floor inside a room.
783 Under blue lighting and hanging stars, a woman and man in dressy clothes kiss and dance to background music.
783 A dressed up man and woman kiss and dance together in a room with decorations that are lit by purple and blue lights.
784 A blond girl wearing a pink and black top that says 'Crystal Nails' sits at a table and writes on a sheet of paper.
784 A young blonde woman wearing a pink Crystal Nails shirt is doing a manicure on a dark haired woman with an up hairdo.
784 A woman is giving another woman in a pink smock is giving another woman a manicure.
784 A heavy-set woman in a pink t-shirt with black sleeves holds a brush over a white sheet of paper as a person across from her watches.
784 A female nail technician demonstrates something with a pink brush to another woman who watches her.
785 A squirrel chewing on a leaf.
785 Grey squirrel nibbles at leaves in a forest.
785 A squirrel holds something in its hands and eats it outside on a sunny day.
785 Squirrel nibbles while standing in autumn leaves on ground.
785 a squirrel picks up and eats something from the leaf litter on a forest floor
786 Sun is shining through tall trees in a forest.
786 Morning sun is rising through the green trees in the woods.
786 A video of tall trees in a forest on a sunny day.
786 the sun shines through as the camera is raised through a pine forest
786 Upward scan of tall trees with sun at horizon seen through tree trunks.
787 A woman wearing a hat and glasses and another woman with glasses stand at night amid pedestrians in front of a theater advertising 'Mama Mia!'
787 Two young women wearing glasses stand in sleeveless dresses in Times Square at night, one in yellow and a fedora and one in black and white.
787 Two women wearing glasses and dresses are standing in a street with other people walking around at night.
787 Two women, one blonde in a red dress and one dark-haired in a patterned dress stand in an entertainment venue on the street outside the musical 'Mamma Mia.'
787 A young woman in a yellow dress and straw hat stands with a young woman in a black and white dress in a busy city at night.
788 Young people, including a man with a camera and another man in a white T shirt with a stylized wolf on the front, ride in the back of a crowded open vehicle.
788 Several young people, one with a camera, ride in the back of a vehicle.
788 A young man with a camera and others are riding in an open truck on a sunny day.
788 A group of young men and women ride in an open backed vehicle and one of them looks at his camera.
788 Several young people in casual attire sit in the back of a moving vehicle, one holding a camera.
789 A seated person in jeans plays a guitar.
789 A woman wearing black chucks, dark green pants, and a red shirt sits on a black leather sofa and plays an acoustic guitar.
789 A person plays the guitar while sitting in a room with a wooden floor.
789 The picture travels up the leg from high-top sneakers up green jeans to a person playing an acoustic guitar as a woman sings in the darkish room.
789 The camera pans the black and white Chuck Taylor sneakers and pants of a female singer/guitarist as she performs while sitting on a couch.
790 Celebration of many asian people gathering and dancing under a cover outdoors in daylight.
790 Indian men with red head dresses and dark suits stand between palm trees with women and men sitting and standing in an event hall.
790 Men in red turbans and a large group of people from Indians are gathered in a large room with white and gold palm trees throughout.
790 at the end of a parking lot, a crowd of men in orange turbans and black and women in colorful shawls watch as a group of younger people dance
790 Asian men wearing red turbans and women in in gowns, stand looking at large milling crowed in which few turbans appear, with indoor decorative palm trees standing at either side.
791 A woman in a white blouse writes on a board with a marker.
791 A teacher with long dark hair wearing a white shirt speaks to her class and writes numbers along a line on a whiteboard.
791 A woman in a white shirt stands at a white board and writes numbers.
791 On a large whiteboard a woman writes in points along a time line starting with 9am to noon to 2pm and she asks someone listening for the first data point thereunder and writes it in.
791 A person writes numbers on a white board.
792 A woman in a grey novelty sweatshirt stands and sings into a microphone in a living room with instruments set up for a band.
792 A woman in an interior room sings into a microphone.
792 A woman sings into a microphone in a living room filled with instruments.
792 A woman sings into a microphone in front of a drum set and next to a keyboard on one side of her and a piano on the other side of her in a living room.
792 At dusk a woman wearing earphones sings in a living room brightly lighted and containing recording equipment including the huge microphone she sings into.
793 Man pushes big full bag into bus through window as woman looks on.
793 Asian woman sits on a bus during the day as someone puts in a big white plastic bag thru the window as the bus passes a park with people and trees.
793 A person is putting a large plastic bag through the window of a bus while a woman sitting on the bus watches on a sunny day.
793 Woman sits in open windowed bus through which a person loads large filled plastic bag into bus.
793 an Asian woman in a black and white patterned dress sits on a bench in a bus as someone pushes a big white plastic bag through the window to the seat next to her
794 Bicyclists ride down a city sidewalk in the daytime.
794 A man and two women dressed in summer clothing ride by on bicycles along a city sidewalk on a clear sunny day.
794 People are bicycling pass a woman on a sidewalk on a sunny.
794 Cars head one way down a city street with shops topped by apartments as bicycle riders pedal on the sidewalk in the other direction.
794 People ride bikes along the street of a small shopping district on a sunny day.
795 Hispanic woman introduces the names of her children at the front yard of a house during the day.
795 Middle aged hispanic women stand with hispanic children as she pushes them forward one by one next to trees as a bare chested man is washing something at a sink inside, during daytime.
795 A woman in a yellow shirt encourages children to walk off from where they are standing outside on a sunny day.
795 Woman stands outside next to several children and one by one she gently pushes a child from her and away.
795 a woman in a green top gently pushes one child at a time from line of children to walk in front of the camera
796 A car is following two large animals in a pick-up truck both driving in the countryside passing hills and bushes in sunlight
796 Man riding shotgun on a pickup truck in the mountains during the day.
796 Someone is driving behind a pickup truck with a horse in it during the daytime.
796 from a camera in a following vehicle, we see a horse being driven around a curve in the back of a pickup truck with wooden fencing around its sides
796 A truck follows another truck in which a man is standing as they pass barren hills with some bushes on a sunny day.
797 A group of people who are gathered in an interior room with a fireplace and Christmas decorations are eating and drinking.
797 A family gathers In a room with a fireplace and a Christmas tree to enjoy Christmas dinner on their laps.
797 A group of people are sitting around talking and eating during the Christmas holiday.
797 People invited to a Christmas party with a Christmas tree in the living room, talk and munch goodies in the dim lighting near a working fireplace.
797 A woman serves herself from a buffet in a home where other people eat and drink by a fireplace and a tree decorated with lights.
798 A young white man wearing a white T shirt and cargo shorts exits the Hatch Chiropractic Wellness exam room hallway into the reception area.
798 A man in a white tee shirt and shorts enters an office.
798 A man passes a counter with women working behind it as he walks around an office suite.
798 A casually dressed man comes through a door into an office reception area.
798 A man in white top and shorts opens a door and moves to his left around a counter with people manning it.
799 One older man and two middle aged middle-eastern men are sitting in front of a shop conversing as one of the man smokes a cigarette.
799 Men sitting talking in a market.
799 Three men dressed in white sit outside talking on a sunny day.
799 in a middle eastern market stall, three men, one of whom has a white beard, wearing white sit and talk
799 Two Indian men, both wearing white, one bald with white beard, sit in front of stall and talk as people pass.
800 A skier dressed in a black and white jacket and red pants executes a big jump against a clear blue sky.
800 On a clear day in the mountains, a snow skier wearing red ski pants goes over an obstacle and does a spin in the air.
800 A person on skies jumps over a tall snowy wall outside on a sunny day.
800 A skier skies off a jump on a sunny day.
800 A skier goes up a steep slope and gyrates off the top under a cloudless day among mountains in winter.
801 Two men standing by car at night as one opens the trunk and reaches in.
801 A white blond woman watches as a man walks to the trunk of her car opens it and looks inside in a garage at night time.
801 A man wearing black walks around a car and opens the trunk while a y=women on the other side of the car watches at night.
801 Inside large garage with cement pillars, at night, man wearing hat walks from side of black car, leaving door ajar and walks to back, raising trunk lid and reaching inside as woman, wearing similar hat, stands on other side of car.
801 a man in black clothes and a black hat opens the trunk of a black car as a young blonde woman wearing black waits by the passenger door
802 Two young man snorkeling in deep waters wearing shorts and flippers in daylight while latino singing is heard.
802 two snorkelers dive deeper as one goes under a reef
802 Two people are scuba diving under water in the daytime.
802 two skin divers swim down into deeper waters while Hispanic music plays
802 Underwater scene of two men wearing scuba masks and flippers, one of whom swims further down towards dark area.
803 A group of people is standing around in an outdoor courtyard,
803 A group of people are visiting a courtyard featuring a historic bust in a fenced in area.
803 A group of people are standing around and talking in a courtyard outside on a cloudy day.
803 In an apartment courtyard people congregate in front of a fenced statue in late afternoon silhouettes.
803 People listen to musicians playing in a courtyard outdoors in a residential area of a city before dark.
804 A five piece band, two guitarists, a keyboard player, a percussionist, and a lead singer, plays at the foot of a limestone mountain.
804 A band plays in a snow-covered area next to a snow-covered cliff.
804 A band plays outside near a half closed part of a mountain.
804 A rock band performs as they stand on a flat part of a dry mountain that looks like salt.
804 At the edge of a glacier where a wall of stone and ice forms a protected space, five musicians play and sing.
805 Person with yellow jacket standing on skis receiving instruction on a mountain covered with snow in daylight
805 Man showing his skies on the slope.
805 A man on skies in orange pants demonstrates using his poles on a snowy hill on a sunny day.
805 a man in a green jacket, brown ski pants, and orange ski boots uses his sticks to point to different parts of his skis
805 Man wearing backpack on a snowy incline stands on skis as he taps ski poles into snow.
806 A woman in a white blouse and two men in suits sit in chairs in an interior space.
806 A woman seated wearing a white blouse and black pants flanked by two men, wearing sport coats, shares a story about a calling from God.
806 An older women in a white blouse sits between two older men talking in a dark room.
806 A woman in a satin blouse sits in a cushioned auditorium chair between two men in suit and tie and talks about a man who hears God tell him to preach the gospel.
806 A woman and 2 men sit in armchairs as the woman talks to the camera.
807 Two white nurses assists a white man with wearing a vest with equipment on his upper body in a medical exercise room indoors.
807 Man gets a vest with sensors fitted by a technician in a clinic.
807 A man with a heart monitor vest on is being looked at by a doctor and another woman in a room with medical equipment in it.
807 in a room with exercise equipment, two women, both in nurse's smocks, but one with a blue blazer over it, put a vest with sensors in it over a man's torso
807 In large room, a man stands while one woman wearing white circles him and adjusts short sleeveless vest with many circles placed on it as the other woman, holding scissors, adjusts vest.
808 A crowd throws rice and confetti at the bride and groom as they leave the church.
808 A bride and groom exit an old brick church as a crowd waiting outside tosses both rice and confetti.
808 A bride and groom walk out of a church and the guests throw rice on them.
808 A bride and groom exit a building and are showered with confetti by waiting friends and family.
808 A dressed up man and woman leave a building and walk towards people who throw rice and scraps of paper at them.
809 Browned skin man stands is a blue plastic covering shivering outdoors in front of bare mountains and a river on a cloudy day.
809 Man wearing a sleeping bag speaks in the valley near a river.
809 A man wrapped up in a blanket over his head speaks into the camera outside on a cloudy day.
809 near a campsite on a wide river, a man in a blue mummy sleeping bag talks to the camera
809 On a gray rainy day, person wrapped in blue front cover and gray head and back covering stands against background of green field, lake, and barren hills, talking to viewer.
810 A person in a skeleton costume holds a sign that says 'Free Hugs.'
810 A person in a skeleton costume holding a free hugs sign stands next to a woman in a bright purple costume in a registration area of a conference type event.
810 A person in a skeleton costume holds up a sign saying free hugs outside in front of building on a sunny day.
810 In an indoor hallway, a person costumed as a skeleton in a black cloak holds a sign that says 'Free Hugs.'
810 A woman at a registration event looks askance at some people in costume as a skeleton mannequin advertising free hugs is seen in the foreground.
811 A table is set up with blue napkins tan menu and yellow flowers at a restaurant.
811 Inside of a restaurant empty of people with tables set with dishes and flowers for dining during day time.
811 A tong table with blue napkins is being videotaped in a restaurant.
811 Long table is set with blue folded napkins, glasses, silverware, and folded menus standing upright. and padded chairs at each place in restaurant.
811 the camera pans around a long table of place settings and flowers surrounded by tall black chairs in a restaurant
812 People are standing on a narrow streets lined with closed shops filled with graffiti during daylight.
812 Men standing in ally.
812 A man in beige shorts is talking to another man in front of a wall with graffiti on it outside on a sunny day.
812 men stand around and talk on a brick paved street with shuttered shops as a car crosses down a hill behind them
812 On narrow city street, two men talk while standing in front of shop with multi-colored windows, another in blue shirt with back to viewer, has one hand up resting against building.
813 Two young Asian women in an outdoor kitchen surrounded by fresh ingredients and utensils are concerned about others so they decided to cook.
813 During the day, two Asian women are talking and preparing food in a kitchen
813 Two Asian woman are in a kitchen cooking and talking.
813 2 women are in an indoor kitchen on a day when there is snow on the ground and one woman signs to the other to tell her something.
813 Two Asian women stand cooking in a restaurant kitchen next to a plate-glass window fronting on a tree and grass during daylight.
814 Man sitting on couch with baby on lap and a toddler sitting next to them.
814 Young white man sits on a couch holding a baby and an older boy while he smiles at them inside a room.
814 A man holds a smiling baby in his arms as he looks at the little boy sitting next to him on a sofa in a room.
814 Man wearing glasses, looks down at baby he cuddles on lap, sitting next to older boy on couch.
814 a smiling man sits on a grey couch caressing an infant as a slightly older child looks on
815 Grocery items sit on a counter top next to a sink.
815 Two people dressed in black stand behind Domino's sugar, vanilla, and two bags of Ghirardelli chocolate chips on a butcher block counter.
815 Domino sugar and two other ingredients are on a wooden table inside a room with two people standing next to each other.
815 Two people stand behind a kitchen top as the camera pans past a bag of sugar and a bottle of dark liquid and two bags of chocolate chips.
815 2 people stand at a cook top with a whisk, a bag of sugar, a bottle of vanilla extract, and 2 bags of chocolate chips.
816 A person in a white helmet and protective shield looks through a chain link fence at bikes on an outdoor bicycle hockey court
816 A person wearing a white helmet watches bicyclists on a paved outdoor court.
816 People are riding around on a bikes on a court outside on a sunny day.
816 People ride bikes on a reddish sports court outside.
816 A white-helmeted person looks through a chain-link fence to watch a group of bicycle riders ride on a volleyball court at a neighborhood playground.
817 A man wearing glasses and a black sweater and carrying some papers speaks to a seated man.
817 A dark haired bearded man wearing glasses looks down at a script and says, 'We need to talk' to a man with his back facing the camera.
817 A man wearing glasses and holding a stack of papers is talking to another man in a room.
817 In a room, one man is sitting engrossed in his thoughts as another man with dark hair and stubble and wire-rimmed glasses says, 'We need to talk.'
817 A bespectacled young man with a stern facial expression enters an indoor space and speaks to another man while holding a packet of papers.
818 At a Festival setting, a big crowd is standing around as a man tries to open a bottle inside a big room.
818 Man opening bottle of bubbly at party.
818 A group of people dressed in red and white stand around in a crowded room.
818 a man at a party where many people are wearing orange begins to open a bottle of champagne
818 Indoors, see back of crowd with man's hand forefront opening a bottle of champagne.
819 Woman with short hair in a dark room exits the room to enter another room illuminated with artificial light.
819 woman walking from one room to another
819 A woman with short hair walks from one room to another in a house.
819 a woman walks down a dark hallway into a dimly lit room.
819 Woman wearing dress walks from one dimly lit indoor area into a lit room,
820 Tall black haired white woman places her hand over a middle aged white woman helping her with her posture in a room with white walls and a screen on the side.
820 A woman instructor with a blue top and black hair is touching the back of a blonde white woman with all black clothing as she demonstrates a pelvis movement exercise.
820 a woman in a blue shirt gives instructions on an exercise move to another woman in the room with her.
820 a woman in a blue top and black leotards coaches another woman in a grey top and leotards who moves her hips back and forth
820 Indoors, woman wearing gray bends slightly with arms folded, hands on chest, moves hips back and forth as woman in blue raises hand to lightly touch her back.
821 A group of young men and women around a dining room table under a chandelier play a board game involving poker chips
821 Three men in ties and a woman stand at the head of a table at which others are seated in an interior room.
821 A group of boys and girls are in fancy clothes gathering around a dining table.
821 Young men and a couple young women are in a dining room standing and sitting as some of them look at small cards on the dining table.
821 Young men in white shirt and black long tie stand around a table with a table game with a woman in party dress, inside a house underneath a light fixture
822 A video taken from a bus window on a street during the day showing a young woman wearing a purple jacket and holding two black bags running across the street as the bus's shadow runs against the green wall.
822 Blond haired woman with black bags in both hands, runs across the road in a residential neighborhood with small houses with yards on a sunny day.
822 A moving vehicle goes down a street and a woman is running on a sunny day.
822 Observed from a passing vehicle, a woman with two bags runs up side street between high leafy walls.
822 the camera in a vehicle going along a street shows a young woman hurrying across the street and down a side street then loses sight of her and continues showing the walls and greenery along the street
823 White little boy sits next to an older girl with colorful earrings who examines his ear, outdoors.
823 two kids outside sitting as one puts something in the other's ear.
823 A little boy in a yellow shirt looks at another little boys ear sitting next to him outside on a sunny day.
823 a boy in a yellow t-shirt with a skinned knee looks at the ear of a younger boy with a blue t-shirt seated next to him
823 Outside, Small boy draws away from older child who inspects his ear, tugging at his ear lobe, before scooting down to sit.
824 An hispanic-looking woman holds a little girl wearing a white dress in an outdoor area.
824 A young Hispanic woman holding a little girl, sitting on a bench next to three Hispanic men, raps about violence
824 An Hispanic woman holding a baby sings outside with three other men.
824 An angry Latina woman carrying a girl baby sings angry lyrics as she stands in a line with three men outside.
824 A woman sits on a bench outdoors holding her daughter and speaking to the camera while 3 men sit in the same area.
825 Young Hispanic man with striped shirt walks up the stairs in the dark.
825 Man wearing a jacket walks up the stairs.
825 A man is climbing up steps where clothes are hanging on the side of the wall.
825 a man in a horizontally striped shirt and a long coat climbs a narrow flight of stairs
825 In dim light, man climbs up indoor staircase.
826 Two people are seen in the distance exiting an intricate garden with decorative shrubs and trees in a large courtyard of an estate,
826 Two women are walking through a landscaped city courtyard in a daytime outdoor scene.
826 A video is being taken of a beautifully manicured courtyard where two women are walking towards the iron gate.
826 2 people walk through the gate of a courtyard where there are white building with clay roof tiles and trees planted amongst manicured bushes.
826 In the courtyard of a European building trees grow in two parallel beds of sculpted curlicues as a couple exit from the courtyard to the street.
827 Two men photograph two men running cross country on a path through a lightly wooded area.
827 Two men in shorts run on an outdoor path.
827 A man in a green shirt and another man in a blue shirt are running down a hill pass two men filming them outside on a sunny day.
827 Runners in bright clothing run down a wooded hill and are photographed as they pass 2 spectators standing on grass.
827 Runners in shorts and t-shirts and backpacks jog along a woodland trail as a couple of men take pictures of them as they jog down a hill.
828 Black bald man with black shirt speaks, laughs and splashes water on his head in front of mirror over a sink.
828 Black ma stands near a sink washing his bald head and looking in a mirror inside a washroom.
828 A bald headed man stands in front of a mirror throwing water on his head.
828 Black man stands in front of mirror as water runs from faucet and he takes handful of water and rubs it over his head.
828 a black man at a sink in a black top rubs water on his head
829 A black man in a hat performs in a music video.
829 The faces of two rappers are shown circling one another on a black background in a rap video.
829 A man and a woman in large black hats are performing singing as they go around in a circle.
829 Against a black background a black man speaks showing only face and hands, and then another face appears and the two rotate, and the second man disagrees.
829 There are views of a performer in 3 different costumes as he raps.
830 Dance performance of a group of people mostly women, of different ages and different race inside a large tent in daylight.
830 Young women dance on stage in a line.
830 A group of young girls are on a stage clapping and jumping up and down in excitement while the ones on the floor are watching them.
830 in an outdoor space with a blue backdrop and loud music, many people on a stage jump and clap to the music as a standing audience watches
830 Women on low but raised stage clap as others on ground level clap and bounce in indoor setting where banners are draped over stand.
831 Two people, one with a net over his head and holding a bottle of liquor is dancing outdoors with rocks and trees behind him during a cloudy day.
831 Man dancing with bottle of liquor in desert as another man looks on.
831 A man is dancing with liquor bottles in each hand outside near a rocky area.
831 a man with a fuzzy mask on shakes two small bottles of whiskey as he dances among some boulders as another man looks on
831 Outdoors on rocky ground with large rocky elevations behind, man, whose face in obscured by hairy mask, dances jerkily while holding two bottles of liquor.
832 Two men fall down a long stairwell.
832 Two people tumble down a staircase inside a house lit up with lamps at night time.
832 Two people topple down the stairs of an old movie in a house.
832 Two men fall head over heels down bannister staircase lit by wall lamps above and table lamps below.
832 two fighting men roll down a stairway into a parlor in an old fashionable house
833 A red dog sled sits in the snow as a person tends to a team of dogs in the background.
833 A snow sledder in a white cap is hooking up a dog team.
833 A group of dogs are chained and gathered together in the snow on a cloudy day.
833 A man is outside in the snow with a team of sled dogs and parked sled in the foreground of the shot.
833 Two rows of yelping dogs seem impatient next to a red metal-framed sleigh in a show-covered sparsely wooded area
834 African Man wearing tribal garb talking as a woman and a baby look on
834 Black African man with missing front teeth talks about the job of a woman, while a black woman is in the background holding a baby.
834 An African man speaks in to the camera about what women do while sitting in a cave.
834 African man and woman holding child in home as man details what a woman's role is in on screen text.
834 a black man wearing several necklaces of colored beads is in front of a woman with an infant talking to the camera
835 Two young girls, one with blonde hair, the other with long brown hair stand next to a campground with tents near a road with cars passing on a cloudy day.
835 Two young white women one with long dark hair the other blonde with red headband stand on a street corner in front of a campground on a cloudy day and the blonde speaks to the camera.
835 A young woman with a red headband on speaks into the camera while the girl next to her speaks also on a cloudy day.
835 two women talk to the camera across the street from a park with several small tents
835 Blond woman with gray marks under each eye and wearing orange hair band, talks as standing by her, another woman nods, speaks a little, and smiles.
836 A very thin man with black hair in a black T shirt plays an Evolution keyboard under a blue spotlight.
836 A man in a black shirt plays a keyboard on which is the word '
836 A man is sitting at an electronic piano inside a dark room.
836 A man plays a keyboard.
836 A man in a black t-shirt manipulates the sounds of a recording from a piano keyboard.
837 Two young men are sitting at a table in a dark room smoking hashish next to a table with drinks.
837 Two men smoking hookahs at a cafe.
837 Two men are sitting and smoking hookah in a room.
837 two Arab men sit talking at a table in a bar smoking a hookahs and drinking sodas
837 In room with few lights two men sit at table with cans of soft drinks talking, according to script that runs on screen, about their hard life.
838 A man seated at a table ladles soup into a bowl.
838 A man wearing a jacket and plaid shirt ladles soup from a metal pot into his soup bowl at a candle lit table.
838 Someone uses a ladle to take soup out of a pot and put in their bowl.
838 A man in a jacket ladles stew from a pot and empties it in a soup plate in front of him at a table inside.
838 A person serves food to their own bowl from a metal pot near them on a table.
839 A man with brown hair and glasses wearing a black suit and orange shirt introduces someone in a club
839 A man holding a clipboard speaks into a microphone at an indoor venue.
839 A man in a pink shirt sings into a microphone in a dark room.
839 A man onstage speaks into a microphone then leaves the stage.
839 An announcer in a red shirt and jacket in a dimly lit nightclub introduces a person coming on to the stage to the audience.
840 Two motorcyclists wearing black riding on black motorcycles with saddlebags front two pedestrian women as they drive through a narrow alley.
840 A rider on a motorcycle goes down a narrow city street.
840 A person is driving a motorcycle through a small street on a sunny day.
840 A motorcyclist is seen from the back riding through a narrow city street past a male and a female.
840 A motorcycle with two paniers threads down a narrow street between two buildings, sharing the road with a kerchief covered woman.
841 Young children are sitting on a stone wall as they clap and cheer outdoors next to a tree on a clear day.
841 Three young boys sitting on a rock by a tree cheer and clap as the fourth sits aside and is quiet.
841 Four little boys are sitting on a cement wall next to each other clapping their hands outside.
841 children sit atop a low wall clapping and shouting
841 Five young boys sit on cement bucker outside, and four applaud.
842 A man in a black jacket wearing Frankenstein makeup, including bolts on his neck, leans in and speaks as he moves closer to the camera.
842 A man costumed as the Frankenstein monster speaks to the camera.
842 A scary looking man comes close to the camera as he is talking.
842 A man dressed as a character from western world literature and movies speaks to the camera with his face so close that it fills the whole frame.
842 A pale man with red lips and bolts sticking out of his head like Frankenstein talks as he walks inside a room closer and closer to the camera.
843 A female teacher with long dark hair is making a point and showing a slide as students look on.
843 Young asian girl with black hair points at the screen as she talks to a group of people indoors in a room.
843 A woman stands in front of a room with a video playing talking to people seated in the room.
843 People seated facing front where woman talks and motions in front of lit screen with words and pictures on it.
843 a woman in a black dress stands in front of a projected image addressing a group
844 An Asian man with a backpack and earbuds adjusts his video camera in the wind
844 An Asian man in a plaid shirt adjusts a video camera.
844 An Asian man with headphones sets his camera.
844 A man adjusts a lens on his camera.
844 A man in a plaid shirt chooses the settings for his camera on a stand in a crowd with someone speaking loudly off screen.
845 Large group of people exercise together in an outdoor field in daylight.
845 A large crowd of people , many wearing pink shirts, perform an aerobic dance in the parking lot outside a stadium.
845 A large group of people are exercising in front of a stadium on a sunny day.
845 A large multi-racial crowd of men and women, mainly in pink t-shirts do a calisthenic dance in front of a stadium.
845 A large group dressed in colors of 2 different teams do aerobics in front of a stadium.
846 Older white man sings into a microphone standing next to another white man on a stage inside a dark room.
846 Singer sings to a microphone.
846 A man in a black jacket sings into a microphone on stage with other performers inside.
846 a man in a black blazer sings into a mike on a stage with a musician to his left
846 On stage, man stands at mounted mike and sings vigorously into mike while alternately raising and lowering hands.
847 The Freedom Band wearing white jackets and black pants on a float with a drummer Guitar player and a horn section is in the street on parade.
847 Group of men in white jackets are playing instrument in a band on an outdoor two leveled stage next to houses on a sunny day.
847 A band plays in a parade on a moving float on a sunny day.
847 Musicians play while seated on decorated float moving down city street with words Freedom Band on side.
847 on a parade float going down a street, trombonists, a drummer, and guitarists perform
848 A middle aged man with a mustache and a younger woman with long brown hair, both wearing AC Beer white tee shirts walk on the outer ring of Ice Hockey arena.
848 A man and a woman wearing white T-shirts walk in a great big lit up hall where many people stand in line.
848 A couple with matching tee shirts walk down an area sectioned off with a black drape inside a very large room with a group of people standing off to the side.
848 Man and woman, both wearing t-shirts with AC Beer printed on back, walk up long cement corridor partitioned from even larger areas by black dividers.
848 people walk down an aisle in a very large hall as people across a low barrier are gathered in a group
849 A dark haired man in a black suit is dancing with a dark haired bride at an evening outdoor wedding reception.
849 A man and woman who are dressed for a wedding are on the dance floor and are dancing to music as others sit at tables or mingle nearby.
849 A couple dressed in wedding attire are dancing in front of a group of people.
849 a male in a dark suit dances with a woman in a white dress indoors with other people in dressy clothes standing up from tables and walking around.
849 A couple dance in a formal party setting, the man in a tuxedo and the woman in a white gown with a long white train in front of tables with festive partygoers.
850 Two Eskimos drag an elk through the snow in the direction of hanging pelts with several huskies in the area
850 Two men in cold weather gear drag an animal carcass through the snow on a plain.
850 An large animal is being dragged by its horns across snow.
850 Hunters in a cold climate drag some game that they have just killed followed by a dog.
850 In a snow-covered field a man in black and one in white-camouflage drag a dead animal by its horns and leg, followed by little dogs, to a place where meat is being hung on poles, in dark light.
851 A groom is on his knees getting ready to pull the brides dress up to get her guarder off her leg.
851 Man kneels before woman dressed in white and fiddles with bottom of her dress as she laughs and puts both hands forward towards him.
851 a blonde woman in a white lacy dress sits in a white folding chair talking to a man kneeling in front of her
851 White young groom dressed in a black suite puts his hands to find the garter belt under the sitting white blonde bride wearing a white gown and laughs at him.
851 Young white woman with white dress sits in a chair as a young man is squatting and touching her dress at night time.
852 Group of men of different races and different ages, hold up their glasses and cheer in a room in a house with a terrace in the woods at day time.
852 A group of men in white shirts and one with a black vest standing in a room with wood cathedral ceilings and large window, toasting and raising a glass.
852 a group of men toast each other
852 Crowd of men, many wearing white shirts, stand in room with large arched window with home written above a door, all with glasses which they raise toasting a couple of men at front of room.
852 A group of men make a toast in an A frame house during the daytime.
853 A dark-haired man in white shirt and suspenders sits under a painting of apples reading a book and as he sits forward he makes an announcement loudly.
853 A man reads in a chair and gives a hand motion to someone off camera.
853 A man is looking at a book and speaks into the camera while sitting in a chair in a room with a picture on the wall behind him.
853 A man wearing a white shirt and suspenders who is sitting in a chair and looking at a book waves his hand.
853 A Hispanic man with a light mustache wearing a white shirt and black suspenders stops reading a book to gesture and speak to someone.
854 in a park, the camera pans in on a miniature village and then over to a statue of a christian cleric
854 Cobbled paths encircle gardens and a tall statute of a man holding staff and wearing bishopric hat.
854 A video is being taken of small and tall statues in a park on a sunny day.
854 Landscaped park with green trees and statues with focus on a statue of a pope in the middle of the park at daylight.
854 A person walking in a garden with a big statue and miniature buildings.
855 Two Asian man are standing across 2 big red lamps in a room, next to windows as the man in red shirt moves is body around during day light.
855 Two Asian young men one wearing black the other black pants and a red top with glasses face two large red balls on gym machines. as one moves his arms in preparation.
855 a man in an orange shirt, black pants and orange shoes moves his arms dancing as he stands next to a man in black in a large room with a large orange ball on a stand next to the large window in the background
855 Two Asian men stand in front of mirror in room with large red ball on stand and one man shows hand and body movements to the other.
855 Two men are standing in front of a floor to ceiling mirror and the man with the red shoes is showing the other man dance moves.
856 A woman is using a spoon to feed a baby.in a highchair.
856 A woman with dark Brown hair feeds baby food to a baby wearing a lion bib and sitting in a high chair.
856 A person holding a small bottle of baby food feeds a blonde baby with a bib in a high chair outside.
856 A mom is feeding her baby food from a jar using a spoon and the baby reaches for the jar as the spoon comes near.
856 A woman is feeding a baby sitting in a highchair baby food from a jar.
857 A group of musicians are performing outside on a sunny day.
857 In an outside setting a man swings around as he plays an electric guitar with other musicians.
857 Musicians perform and a water drops special effect is seen.
857 Members of a band play some music venue.
857 Behind a splash, a man with a black guitar and a drummer with frizzy hair play music on a sunny day.
858 A man in a black suit and a woman in a bridal gown participate in a ceremony in front of attendees in an indoor venue.
858 A groom in a black suit stands with his blonde bride holding a coral and white bouquet with attendants wearing coral flower headbands seated nearby.
858 A bride with a bouquet and white dress stands smiling beside her groom in a large room set up with chairs with bridesmaids in floral wreaths in the front row.
858 A dressed up young man and young woman with a bouquet stand together in a brick walled room with pictures and people seated, looking at them.
858 A man and woman exchange wedding vows in front of seated guests.
859 a sailboat with 4 people on board passes from left to right on a windy day
859 On choppy turquoise waters, a sailboat with four men on it waving, steers away.
859 A sailboat sails with people on it in a large body of water on a sunny day.
859 Sailboat with four people sitting on it is sailing by on the water surrounded by mountains on a cloudy day
859 Sail boat turns around.
860 A bare-chested man holds a baby holding figurines in his hands and a young girl approaches and the man offers her and she takes a stuffed panda and her baby.
860 A man holds a baby on his lap who has a Santa Claus figure in each hand as an older child receives a panda bear and hugs it.
860 A man sitting on a bed holds a baby and hands a black and white bear to a little girl standing in front of him.
860 A little girl with a teddy bear squirms on a bed for a shirtless man holding a baby.
860 A dark haired shirtless man hands a young child a stuffed panda while a baby holding two Santas sits on his lap.
861 A group of various people are seated on three rows of blue chairs in a waiting area.
861 A group of persons sits in chairs in probably a waiting area while one woman dabs her eyes with a tissue.
861 A group of people sits in a waiting room and a woman with crutches dabs at her eyes with a tissue.
861 A group of people sit in an inside waiting room, and one of the people has a pair of crutches, and a boy in a blue coat stares at the camera.
861 A group of people are sitting in blue chairs in front glass booths in a building.
862 A young boy and girl stand around a table with white table cloths and food.
862 Open air but indoor setting with table from which food is served and young boy samples food and comments to two women with whom he is standing.
862 a woman talks to a group, then the screen changes to a person wearing earrings handing a piece of food to a youth who puts it in his mouth, chews, and talks to the person who gave it to him.
862 Two teenagers taste food at a fare with a buffet.
862 Young white boy and 2 white females are in the forefront of a large group of white people as the young boy is tasting food at a festival where they give out food samples in a tent during daylight.
863 Sail board catching a wave on the beach.
863 Windsurfer surfs at the ocean while turning his sail around and around in the waves.
863 Surf rolls in as man on surfboard with sail steers boat toward shore.
863 a man on a yellow and white sailboard does tricks in the foam of a breaking wave
863 A person wind surfs in the ocean on a cloudy day.
864 Young white man with beard and in a black head cover draws a graffiti on a brick wall outdoors during night time.
864 A young bearded white male graffiti artist with a black hoodie sprays paint on a red brick wall with a large graffiti in the background.
864 a man in a hoodie spray paints a mural on a brick wall
864 At night, man wearing jacket with hood spray paints at side of door in brick building.
864 A young man in a black hoodie spray paints on a brick wall next to graffiti outside on a sunny day.
865 A man is pushing a large orange and blue object on a field on a sunny day.
865 Outdoors two men in camouflage crawl around large orange and blue plastic cube in large area with similar units, most standing upright.
865 two men in black and white belly crawl behind orange and blue inflated barricades at the end of a field with more similar barricades
865 People crawl behind big cones.
865 Children are playing in a playground crawling around big red plastic tubes in a fenced in area during a sunny day.
866 A man is standing and shouting on a hill on a windy day.
866 A young man, bearded and with a blue, large backpack, yells as the wind whips his uncovered head, standing amid mountain tops.
866 A young man in hiking gear with backpack stands between rocks and speaks to the camera on a windy day.
866 A man with a blue backpack is walking in daylight in the mountains.
866 A brown haired man with a beard wearing a dark jacket and a blue and black backpack battles severe wind gusts as he looks up at rocky mountains.
867 On green paved court, boy rides skateboard, leaping up and coming down on it as it moves.
867 a skateboarder on a paved outdoor basketball court jumps up from his board, spinning the board, and lands back on it
867 A boy on a skateboard skates past a group of boys outside on a basketball court.
867 A skateboarder with a white tee shirt and dark pants and a cap backwards rides and flips his skate board on a green top court with others watching in a city.
867 Young man in white T shirt skateboards inside a fenced in area as others are watching inn daylight.
868 A woman in a yellow costume swings on a trapeze.
868 A woman with brown hair in a gold outfit swings on a trapeze.
868 A woman in a yellow top and hanging yellow skirt sits on a trapeze and pumps to go higher in a dark setting, perhaps a circus tent.
868 A female trapeze artist in a gold costume swings on the trapeze.
868 A women acrobat in a gold outfit is swinging on a rope.
869 A young man is sitting in a chair talking into the camera outside on a sunny day.
869 A young man with shoulder length dark hair sits in an outside metal chair in casual clothes and reaches out to pet a passing dog as he talks with legs crossed.
869 A boy sits outdoors on a chair on a patio with crossed ankles speaking to a person off camera when a little dog walks by him.
869 A young man with longish hair is sitting in a chair outside, and he touches a small dog that passes him.
869 A young man with shoulder length dark brown hair seated in front of a rustic building pets a small black and white dog that passes by.
870 A man standing on a ladder in a black shirt cuts cucumbers of vine.
870 A man pulls a long cucumber off a high vine in a hydroponic tent.
870 A man picks a vegetable off the vine.
870 A man in a black shirt picks cucumbers from a vine.
870 A man with black hair and a black T shirt reaches up and picks cucumbers in a greenhouse.
871 A young dark-haired Asian-descent woman reads a French magazine, leaning against a wall with pop posters.
871 A young woman leans against a pillow looking at a magazine which she then puts down abruptly in response to something off camera.
871 A young Asian woman is looking at a magazine closes it and puts it down.
871 An Asian woman wearing a black dress with white collar holds a magazine in front of her face.
871 An Asian female teenager leaning on a pillow against a poster filled wall snaps a magazine shut and looks dismayed.
872 An elderly woman with a colorful head dress and a purple dress walks a path by green bushes and weeds during the day.
872 Old woman in a dress and colorful hat walks among tall shrubs on a sunny day.
872 Older woman wears colorful scarf tied behind her head and walks on narrow path next to tall vegetation while stiffly holding up bent right arm.
872 a person in a purple and white dress and headscarf walks on a footpath through a heavily weeded area
872 A woman with a scarf around her head walks through a woods area with a lot of greenery outside on a sunny day.
873 Instructions are given for some computer operation using a screenshot.
873 A man describes a procedure on the computer on a screen using highlighted photographs.
873 A video maker explains how he creates and edits a video with pictures on a darkened backdrop, and a cursor.
873 A video of 2 men is being looked at by someone on a computer who is off camera.
873 A demonstration of something on a computer screen showing two men.
874 Middle aged Asian man with glasses stands at a podium turning pages of a book inside a room next to a screen on the wall.
874 Man in striped shirt and a hula flower ring looks at his papers as he speaks sitting down on a podium.
874 a man wearing a lei in a blue and white striped dress shirt talks into a microphone as he flips through a book with a zippered cover
874 In white washed room, oriental man wearing glasses and a lei, talks as he stands in front of a lectern with mike and turns pages of a book.
874 A man in a striped shirt and a lay open a bible standing at a podium in a room.
875 a woman in a pink top and blue shorts runs down a hill through low bushes on a twisting path
875 Outside, woman wearing orange jacket and blue skirt runs down grassy hill.
875 A woman in a pink suit jacket jogs down a hill of a mountain on a cloudy day.
875 White woman in shorts and pink jacket is running downhill on a grassy mountain during daylight.
875 A white woman runner with purple shorts and a pink top is running down a green mountain path at dusk.
876 A man takes pictures of a woman standing in shallow water.
876 A dark-haired woman poses in front of a professional photographer standing in front of a pool sided with palm trees.
876 A photographer is taking photographing a woman in a bathing suit near a pool outside on a sunny day.
876 A man photographs a woman posing in a crop top and short shorts while standing in a shallow pool on a rooftop at a beach with palm trees.
876 A man in a white tee shirt photographs a woman who is standing in a shallow pool overlooking a beach on the sea.
877 Woman wearing large sunglasses talks while sitting next to man wearing glasses against backdrop of map.
877 an Asian man in a black and yellow t-shirt and blue jeans and a woman in black squat in front of a grey wall with a tan door as she talks and smiles at the camera
877 A woman in a black dress is sitting next to a man in a black tee shirt speaking into the camera outside.
877 Man with glasses and woman with big sunglasses smile to camera sitting down outside in the daytime.
877 A white young woman sits next to an Asian young man, both smiling outdoors in daylight.
878 Hispanic women in colorful dresses are sitting on the ground and cutting up pieces of fish outdoors as man walks over to add more pieces to the bucket.
878 Mn pours his bucket into a woman's bucket in market.
878 a man dumps a bucket of something into the pail of a market woman slicing fish for sale
878 Outdoors, man comes up to woman crouched in front of small stand with pots, and pours something in one pot.
878 A woman in a burgundy dress is cooking and a man comes and dumps water in a bowl outside on a sunny day.
879 A black man with dreadlocks is lighting a cigarette outside next to someone on a sunny day.
879 A black man with dreadlocks leans forward to light his cigarette surrounded by trees but with a skyscraper in the far background.
879 On a sunny day outdoors, a young bearded man with dreadlocks lights up a cigarette next to another person with a long braided hairstyle and denim shirt.
879 A black man seated outdoors lights a cigar.
879 A black man with dreadlocks, beard, and tattooed arms wearing a black novelty T shirt lights a joint.
880 Bicyclists ride on the street at night.
880 Bicyclists are biking on a city street passing houses and automobiles on a dark evening
880 At night time, several people ride bikes down city street which reflects lights on its surface.
880 at night, several bicyclists come down a wet brick-paved street in an old downtown area
880 A group of bicyclist ride along traffic on a busy street at night.
881 A group of boys and girls are playing on a sandy playground outside on sunny day.
881 Group of five girls and one boy sit on sand in a playground area, with two girls smiling.
881 several children sit in a loose circle as they play in a sandbox
881 Kids playing in the sand.
881 Six little children sitting in a playground in daylight while 3 others small children are walking by
882 a child in a blue shirt sits and the bottom of an orange slide as an adult woman in a blue shirt walks around to the front of the slide
882 Small girls sits at edge of orange slide in outdoor play area, points and looks down as woman claps her hands.
882 A lady in a denim shirt watches a toddler on an orange piece of playground equipment outside on a sunny day.
882 Little child is sitting on a red plastic toy in a playground while a young woman is clapping for him on a sunny day.
882 Child and mother in playground.
883 A young girl walks with a large bad of sticks on her back outside.
883 Asian woman carries large basket filled with branches on her back and walks down sandy slope on sunlit day.
883 on a dirt road, a man and a woman walk away from the camera as a younger person comes toward the camera carrying a basket full of long sticks on its back
883 A woman carrying firewood passes by two people on a country road by a farm house.
883 Two people walking on a dirt road while an young asian woman passes carrying woods on her back at daytime outdoors.
884 Two women, one wearing a lavender boa and tiara, swing dance together at a party.
884 Two women dance together in an interior room.
884 2 dressed up women dance together indoors.
884 Inside an apartment two women in party dresses, one with a lei, dance to music.
884 Two women are hand dancing in a living room.
885 A man in a white shirt and black sweater vest stands across from a three story building with the motto 'Come to learn, go to serve.'
885 A man looks a t a white building ahead of him as someone off camera speaks to him.
885 An Asian man is standing in front of a white building and looking at something on a sunny day.
885 A man in a white shirt and black vest is standing looking toward a wall on which there is the motto 'Come to learn, go to serve.'
885 An Asian man in a white shirt and black vest, arms folded, looks out over an athletic field in front of a building with the message 'Come to learn go to serve'.
886 Man in white t-shirt stands smiling behind counter in shop selling waffles.
886 a man in a white t-shirt behind the counter of a waffle shop backs away as he talks to a customer
886 A young man in a white shirt standing behind a counter of an ice cream parlor is talking to someone on the other side of the counter.
886 Counter attendant at store smiles and backs off.
886 Young white man stands behind the counter in a coffee store inside with artificial lights.
887 Young man is sailboarding in wavy waters and turns over, as another sailboarder watched him in daylight.
887 man with small sail boat heads onto the wave and crashes.
887 a man on an orange and yellow sail board sails into and is wiped out by a wave.
887 Man rides surf board with sail into crashing wave and capsizes.
887 A man is parasailing and crashing into a large wave an falls off outside on a sunny day.
888 A middle ages man with glasses silver hair blue suite and red tie speaks at the podium with a water jug in front of him as a young Woman with dark long hair and a purple top listens.
888 Older man with glasses and white hair talks as a young woman with black hair sits next to him with a pitcher between them inside a room.
888 Man with white hair and glasses sits at table, talking toward mike, as woman sitting beside him looks out across table.
888 a white haired man in a blue suit jacket and red tie talks into a mike while a dark haired woman in a purple top sits in a blue chair next to him
888 A man in a shirt and red tie speaks into the microphone as a woman in a purple jacket sits next to him listening.
889 A young woman dressed in black sings in an entertainment stage with accompanying musicians on piano and other instruments.
889 A band with a dark haired female vocalist is seen performing first inside a room with brick walls and then outdoors in a city.
889 A woman dressed in black is singing while a band plays behind her.
889 A young woman dressed in black is singing in an indoor venue backed by band quartet.
889 A female lead singer with black hair dressed in black performs with her band of four man in a large brick room filled with candles under large candle light fixtures.
890 A person holds an empty bottle which seems to be attached to another face-down bottle which at the end has a red ball under it, and then the glass structure attaches to another bottle with twigs in it.
890 A multi bottle terrarium is shown.
890 A group of plastic bottles are put together to create a terrarium.
890 A person has something possibly growing in several plastic soda bottles.
890 A young man assembles a planter made of three clear plastic bottles.
891 several bicycle riders, all wearing the same uniform, race down a city street followed by a support van
891 Six male bicyclists wearing black and white helmets though one has a red helmet, ride down paved road in daytime, going past two story buildings with cars parked in front.
891 A group of people are riding their bikes down a street past parked cars on a sunny day.
891 A group of cyclists, all wearing helmets and white and black clothing are passing on a street lined with houses and parked automobiles on a cloudy day.
891 Participants in a bicycle race pass parked cars on a street in the daytime.
892 A group of people in a dark room are standing around in a circle and a women walks away.
892 Several people stand facing away from an illuminated spot when a woman in a black dress turns and leaves, as an older, balding man turns to watch her go.
892 6 actors perform a scene om an indoor stage and 1 of them leaves the group to go backstage.
892 In a darkened theater, a woman hurries away from a group of persons who are standing in a circle on stage.
892 In a circle of people in the dark, a young woman under a spotlight turns and runs away as the man next to her turns and watches.
893 A woman in a red hoodie speaks into a camera inside a room with plants.
893 A black woman with grey close-cropped hair in a red hoodie talks inside a gallery space with paintings near a table with a display of plants.
893 A woman in a classroom with lots of light and plants talks to the camera.
893 A black woman in a red coat stands in an interior room.
893 A black woman with short gray hair wearing a coral sweatshirt mentions 'transplant into your home community'.
894 A man wearing sunglasses and a yellow jacket is standing outdoors with snow-covered mountains in the background.
894 A man wearing sunglasses and a yellow jacket is seen with snowy mountains in the distance and a brown teddy bears face in the foreground.
894 A man wearing sunglasses and a two-toned jacket stands smiling in front of snow-covered mountains and a blue sky with a large stuffed animal next to him.
894 A man stands in front of snowcapped mountains speaking to the camera with a stuffed bear at the bottom of the frame.
894 A man in a yellow snow suit is talking into the camera on a snowy mountain outside on a sunny day.
895 a man in a grey shirt with a bob at the back of his head fly fishes in a rapidly flowing river
895 Man stands waist deep in fast moving stream and casts fishing line out.
895 A man stands at the waters edge fishing on a cloudy day.
895 White man in sun glasses is throwing his pole for fly fishing, stands in a river during evening lights
895 A man with brown hair a tan blazer and a pony tail casts a fishing pole into the river behind purple flowers and tan reeds during a sunny day.
896 Outdoors near embellished tent, Indian man wearing gold turban faces two women one of whom raises and lowers a dish with flower and other items toward him.
896 an Asian woman sprinkles flower petals on a turbaned man's head and then brings a tray of flowers to his nose to smell
896 An Indian couple is participating in a wedding ceremony outside while others watch.
896 Two women dressed traditionally sprinkle flowers on man's face outside by temple.
896 Two Indian women facing an Indian man as one of the women throws flower pedals on his head and places a black dot on his forehead outdoor in daytime.
897 Two women hold wine glasses and another woman holds a wine bottle while guests at an outdoor event eat or mingle.
897 An Asian woman introduces both the dark haired food chairperson and the blonde haired wine chairperson at an outdoor event.
897 A woman introduces the dark-haired woman in charge of food and the blonde woman holding two wine bottles at a sit-down social event on the lawn near an outdoor mall.
897 3 women stand before the camera at a party and one speaks, one nods, and one lifts wine bottles up and down.
897 Three women stand with wine bottles and glasses in their hands and the women in the middle is talking a making a toast outside in a garden on a sunny day.
898 In an open field with trees around, a parachute glider rises with wind as a person looks on.
898 In a cleared field with trees around, a person offscreen manipulates a cigar-shaped glider parachute to rise into the wind, as a similar chute lies beside it on the ground.
898 A glider picks up wind in a wooded area and billows as it's harnessed to the ground as an onlooker observes.
898 A parachute is lifted aloft by the wind in an open field in a wooded area.
898 An orange, black, and white hang glider rises from the ground as it fills with air in an open area surrounded by trees.
899 The image of a bride and groom walking on a street at the beach fades to show two palm trees and the water behind them.
899 A man in a suit and a woman in a white gown walk on a road next to the sea.
899 A dressed up man and woman walk near 2 palm trees near a beach.
899 A bride and groom walk past two palm trees against a misty background.
899 A newly married couple walk in between two palm trees at dusk.
900 A school of striped fish goes over a reef.
900 School of black striped fish and some other varieties are swimming in deep blue ocean surrounded by colorful coral reefs.
900 Underwater large school of fish swim over coral.
900 A school of small white fish with vertical black stripes swim above a coral reef while a few larger black fish swim above them
900 A school of fish swim around under an ocean.
901 A dark-haired man in a plaid shirt walks in a wooded field in daylight.
901 A man in a plaid shirt is seen from behind as he walks outdoors in a grassy area with a lot of very young trees.
901 A man in a plaid shirt is walking in the woods on a sunny day.
901 A man in a plaid shirt walks outdoors among newly planted trees.
901 A man with brown hair and a brown plaid shirt carrying a red file walks along a row of saplings
902 Young boys are skateboarding onto the incline of a garage and turning around on a sunny day.
902 In street bordering several houses, two boys take turns riding skateboards up modest incline in front of closed garage door.
902 two skateboarders go back and forth across a narrow street between the houses and garages in a row of townhouses while others watch
902 Skateboarders go up an embankment.
902 Several young white boys are practicing their skateboarding skills in an alley while a black man is watching during sunlight.
903 Woman with camera walks around a statue.
903 White woman with blonde hair wearing a camera around her neck is examining an art statue outdoors at daylight.
903 Blond woman wearing sunglasses with a camera strap around her neck walks by and touches white pedestal with ornate reliefs.
903 a young blonde woman wearing a white t-shirt and carrying a camera walks around the base of a monument
903 A woman with a camera walks around touching a statue outside on a sunny day.
904 A woman sets another woman's hair in an apartment with sliding glass doors.
904 A standing woman in a dimly lighted room arranges a seated woman's hair inside a room with a floor-to-ceiling sliding window to a balcony.
904 A woman is doing another woman's hair in a room near a glass window during the daytime.
904 A woman styles the hair of another woman seated at a vanity in front of a sliding door leading out to a bright balcony.
904 A girl in an apartment is doing something to a woman's hair.
905 A person riding a bike stops and picks up a white package he has in the basket outside on a sunny day.
905 A bicyclist with blue helmet pauses in a back street and rearranges the items in the basket.
905 A female cyclist rides on a city street and arranges something in her bike basket.
905 A man wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle on a city street stops and adjusts several item in the basket on his bicycle.
905 A bicyclist dressed in black with a blue helmet stops on a narrow city street and rearranges things in the front basket
906 A man wearing dark shorts and tee shirt rides a paddle board in the sea.
906 A man dressed in a black long sleeve shirt and black shorts is paddle boarding with the shoreline in the background.
906 A man paddles a surfboard on blue water against a blue sky.
906 A man wearing shirt and shorts paddles himself through a body of water on a paddle board.
906 A man is paddling while standing of a surf board in the ocean on a cloudy day.
907 Two men wearing glasses meet and embrace on a platform next to a stopped train.
907 Two young men with Brown hair and glasses, one dressed in white and one dressed in black, greet each other and hug outside a train
907 Walking along a train station platform beside a train, a young man in grey meets and hugs an on-coming man dressed in black with dark hair and glasses.
907 2 people greet each other, smile, and embrace next to a train.
907 A man in black walks towards a man in a white shirt and they hug each other near a train.
908 A man in black sits under a covering getting a back massage from a person in white with skies in the background, and then the man in black takes a call on his cellphone.
908 2 people are under a tent set up in a ski area and 1 person gives the other person a back rub.
908 A man in white is sitting behind and giving another man a back massage when his phone rings.
908 A woman in a white jacket and cap wearing sunglasses is giving a back rub to a seated man wearing sunglasses in an outdoor area with snow on the ground.
908 A young woman gives a choppy back rub to a young man as they sit among ski gear under a canopy next to a snowbank.
909 a seated woman in a red top and grey sweatshirt has a red wig fitted on her by a man behind her
909 In darkened room, woman sits as hands put a fringed wig on her heat which she reaches up to adjust.
909 A woman in a red shirt is sitting in a chair and someone is putting a wig on her head.
909 White young woman sitting on a chair as a man puts a wig on her in a dark surrounding.
909 Man puts wig on smiling woman.
910 A racially mixed group of 5 little girls in pink tops and black short skirts tap dance against a white backdrop with pink decoration at Kinder Dance.
910 Little girls perform tap dancing at a recital.
910 Five little girls are tap dancing together in a line in a room with pink and white curtains at the window.
910 Five little girls dance on stage under a sign saying 'Kinder Dance International.'
910 Five little girls dressed in pink satin costumes with black fringed skirts perform a tap recital at a Kinder Dance studio.
911 A man puts on a helmet and fastenings it outside on a sunny day.
911 Man puts on and adjust helmet and glasses outside against backdrop of trees.
911 standing in front of some trees, a man in a black jacket straps on a helmet and puts on sunglasses
911 A white motorcycle rider wearing a black motorcycle suite is putting his helmet on and then his sunglasses during the day outdoors by a tree.
911 White man is placing a helmet on his head and sunglasses on his face is standing among trees on a clear day
912 A duck floats in water then takes a dive on a sunny day.
912 A duck with a dark green head, a white body and black tailfeathers floats along a pond and then ducks underwater.
912 A mallard floats on the water's surface before going underwater.
912 A swimming duck dives under the water.
912 A distinctive black and white duck with a green shiny head, yellow eye, and a black beak floats on the water and then dives under the water.
913 White young man with glasses sings and plays his guitar on a dark stage at night time.
913 Young white man with glasses plays guitar and walks towards the microphone and starts singing.
913 a man on a dimly lit stage plays guitar and sings into a mike
913 Man wearing eyeglasses strums guitar and sings into mike on darkened stage.
913 A man with glasses sings into a microphone on a stage.
914 A smiling dark suited man smiles at a smiling woman wearing a white dress and they bow slightly as they stand before a bridge with flowers behind them and another man looks on.
914 An Asian couple marry in an outside setting as the man puts a ring on the hand of a smiling bride.
914 An Asian couple are putting rings on each other during a wedding ceremony outside.
914 An Asian bride and groom share a blissful glance at their outdoor wedding ceremony.
914 An Asian man and woman dressed as bride and groom are smiling at each other as another Asian gentleman watches.
915 Group of young bicyclists standing next to a wall, while one of them bicycles out and jumps over a stone obstacle.
915 A male young bicyclist with a green t shirt and black helmet climbs up and sown the wall in an extreme sports arena. as others look on in front of a green wall.
915 boys on bicycle do tricks in biking tube
915 Boys wearing helmets with bikes are lined up around a large concave cement structure and one boy at end of line takes off and rides down surface to other side.
915 A young man in a green shirt rides his bike and performs a trick in a bike indoor arena while a group of people watch.
916 Women in purple are modeling on a runway in a large room.
916 Woman walks down runway modeling purple hat and dress with matching color stripe.
916 models wearing purple hats and purple and grey outfits walk up and down a runway
916 Models on runway.
916 Two young white women are walking down a runway at a fashion show modeling dresses in white and purple colors.
917 In a neighborhood baseball diamond, people sit on the grass watching as a player on base runs in to home base untagged.
917 Young women play an outdoor game with a small hard ball, base bags, a bat, and running.
917 A group of people are playing a baseball game outside on a sunny day.
917 Girls' teams play softball on a field that has a sign next to it saying 'We Are Woodstock.'
917 In a baseball field marked Woodstock, a catcher misses a pitch in fastpitch softball and a woman on third base scores.
918 woman smokes as a man sits across from her at an outdoor bar at night.
918 Young white man and a young white woman sitting in a dark bar at a table, the woman asks a question while smoking a cigarette, and the man answers her.
918 Man and woman sit at small table with cup and glass on it, overlooking room with many lights on tables, woman is smoking a cigarette, as text from one of the two rolls at lower screen asking if other has a car and do they want sex.
918 at a small table in a bar overlooking a street, a man in a black shirt talks across the table to a woman who is smoking
918 A man and woman are sitting and talking at a small table in a bar.
919 A woman in a platinum dress suit happily grips the hand of a man wearing a blue tie on one side , with her arm around another man in a lavender vest on the other side.
919 Two men and a woman wearing glasses pose together indoors.
919 A woman stands between 2 men and 1 man holds up her hand to show that she deserves to be recognized for something good.
919 A man, a woman and another man stand in business attire and the 2nd man raises his hand intertwined with the womans.
919 Two men and a woman dressed well show excitement as one of the men raises one of the woman's hand up.
920 3 Men putting on ties in front of mirror.
920 2 White young men adjusts their neckties ties across a mirror while other people are watching.
920 Several men stand in front of mirrors inside, one man adjusting yellow tie, one tying violet tie observes him.
920 two men tie green neckties over their black shirts and another man removes his reddish tie
920 A man demonstrates how to tie a neck tie in a room in front of a mirror.
921 A man speaks kindly to a dressed up man and woman who stand outdoors with 2 dressed up men behind them.
921 A man marries a bride with long black hair and a groom with a boutonniere in a daylight outside wedding ceremony
921 A couple is getting married outside on a sunny day with people watching.
921 An Asian man with his back to the camera is addressing a young Asian bride with long dark brown hair wearing a white wedding dress and veil and a light brown haired light skinned groom wearing a gray suit and mint green tie, recognizing them as his(their) children, as three men attendees are seen in the background.
921 A man wearing glasses and a suit speaks to a couple dressed for a wedding at a daytime outdoor ceremony while three other persons look on.
922 A man in a black shirt and baseball cap swim under water.
922 A young man in a black t-shirt and black shorts tumbles around underwater while wearing goggles.
922 A man swims underwater.
922 A man wearing glasses and black shorts swims underwater in a pool.
922 A young man in a black shirt and pants wearing goggles swims underwater in a pool
923 A large fish, diver, and sea floor are shown underwater.
923 A scuba diver with an oxygen tube on his back swims underwater and watches a large fish.
923 A scuba diver is swimming under water.
923 A large fish and a scuba diver are seen along the bottom of deep blue waters
923 A fish swims past a scuba diver who is underwater.
924 In a classroom, two girls, one sitting with earbuds on and one standing, look at paper the first girl is holding then both raise eyes to something off screen.
924 two girls in a room with children's drawing on the wall read something from a paper they are holding and look up
924 Two young girls are looking at something white on a table together and they look up at the same time.
924 Two students in a class room look at papers on the desk then look up as one of them smiles.
924 Two girls, one white, one hispanic are looking at a paper together in a decorated classroom indoors with one more child doing her own work in the background.
925 the camera is focused on the front wheels of a dune buggy as it bumps along over some dunes
925 A dirt mobile with no chassis rides roughly over rocky dirt terrain under blue skies with another seen in the distance.
925 A dune buggy is driven across sand on a sunny day
925 Dune buggy drives on sandy surface in a desert as ahead of him another dune buggy drives on a sunny day
925 A sand buggy front end riding fast on the yellow sand dune in the desert during the day.
926 A snowboarder takes a huge spinning jump onto a roadway near the parking lot at Seven Springs as a downed snowboarder laughs.
926 A snowboarder comes off a jump and does several spins before knocking down a second snowboarder.
926 A snow boarder rides off a man-made snow surface turning in the air and as he goes over the surface he meant to land on he knocks over another snow boarder.
926 A man in black clothes rides a board up a 45 degree snow ramp and over a snow blockade to land on a cleared road as an onlooker with a blue board falls over.
926 A person ski's over a large platform and knocks over a person as he lands on the street outside on a sunny day.
927 two kids in classroom looking at paper.
927 Young Asian boy with glasses sits and folds a piece of white paper while another Asian boy is watching sitting next to him inside a classroom at daylight.
927 Two Asian boys sit at side by side desks and one with pencil seals an envelope as places small stuffed animal on his desk.
927 an Asian boy in a maroon vest holding a pencil creases a piece of paper as another boy looks on
927 A little boy in a school uniform folds a sheet of paper while another little boy watches him.
928 Two people are riding on a snow mobile in the snow on a cloudy day.
928 Two riders with helmets, jackets, and gloves, jerkily ride a snowmobile down snowy field.
928 a man and woman ride a snowmobile near a pine forest
928 Two people ride a snow bike on the snow.
928 Two white people sitting in a snowmobile driving in the snow on snowy hills during a cloudy day.
929 Man with white bandanna performing bike tricks in a parking lot during the day.
929 Young adult with white bandana performs complicated maneuvers on his bicycle at an outdoor parking lot in daytime.
929 It's daylight outside as a young man with a bandana around his head in a parking area with some cars, does a series of wheelies on his bike.
929 a young man does spinning tricks on a bicycle on the top floor of a parking garage while wearing dark clothes and a red and white headband.
929 A young man with a knit hat does tricks on a bike outside on a sunny day.
930 2 female musicians perform with a skeleton on stage with them.
930 In a red-lighted entertainment venue, two young women play a violin and a guitar inside.
930 Two women are performing in a dark area.
930 Two women with long brown hair dressed in black, one playing a guitar and one playing a violin, finish a song as a paper mache skeleton passes by on the screen below them.
930 A female musician with a violin and a man with a guitar play in an indoor music venue.
931 A person wearing a ring is opening a blue and white plastic bag.
931 A person wearing a wedding ring opens a bag of something on a table identified in Cyrillic script .
931 A person wearing a gold ring on their left hand's middle finger, opens a small, blue plastic bag on a wooden table top.
931 A person is opening a plastic bag.
931 A white woman opens a blue and white plastic bag marked in Russian using small scissors
932 Hispanic children are playing with ball in a courtyard at daytime.
932 Kids playing soccer indoor.
932 boys play soccer in a courtyard
932 In large room with green walls, group of boys play a ball game of throwing and kicking.
932 Young boys are playing soccer in a large in door room with green walls.
933 A person jumping up and down in jeans and white sneakers in front of a brown, wall-paneled background has writing over it 'Who wore it best?'
933 A person who is wearing white leather sneakers and jeans can be seen jumping indoors next to a wooden paneled wall, from the ankles down.
933 A man is jumping around in a pair of white tennis shoes.
933 A person wearing white low-topped athletic shoes hops on a floor in probably an interior space.
933 Behind 'Who wore it best?' the feet of a person in white sneakers and black pants hop up and down in front of wood paneling.
934 A group of people shoot off fireworks at night.
934 Under dark sky, fireworks explode and some in crowd below pick up embers
934 a fireworks display along an urban street
934 High voltage power lines make contact and start fires.
934 Firecrackers shooting up by a group of people in the dark of the night.
935 young woman pours soup into another woman's pot.
935 Hispanic woman cooks and ladles yellow liquid from a cup to a container in a dark area inside
935 Darkened interior room where one woman dips cups of a liquid and pours into canister held by another woman.
935 a woman uses a coffee cup to stir a bucket of yellow liquid then pours some into a pail held by a woman in a blue dress
935 A young girls uses a cup to scoop a liquid out of a bucket.
936 In a wine and liquor store a tall black man with a white bandana on his head advises a brown-skinned woman with long black hair on a bottle of wine.
936 A man talks to a woman indoors as she holds a bottle with many other bottles on shelves around them.
936 A man is talking with a woman who is holding a bottle of wine inside a wine store.
936 In a wine store, a man in a white shirt with a bandana on his head is talking to a woman who is holding a bottle of wine.
936 A man wearing a white polo and black and white bandana on his head tells a woman with long black hair about pinot noir in a liquor store.
937 a young man shaves his forehead
937 Topless man stands at mirror and shaves up cheek and on forehead.
937 A Caucasian man is shaving in front of a mirror inside a room.
937 Young white man stand across a mirror while shaving his face.
937 Man shaving his forehead.
938 Several people, men and women, walk down sidewalk next to city street, as two women carry musical instruments.
938 a small group of casually dressed people, some of whom carry musical instruments, walk along a downtown street
938 A group of people walk past a small white car parked on street on a sunny day.
938 woman carrying a violin walks with man holding hands among pedestrians on sidewalk in city.
938 On a city street on a one way road, cars are moving one way, and a group of people walk the opposite way during sunlight.
939 A man in a black shirt works on a motorcycle in a shop.
939 A man with a black T shirt and jeans works on the rear tire of a green motorcycle up on a stand in a workshop.
939 In a workplace in a garage with a bulletin board, a man uses a wrench on a motorcycle mounted on a stand
939 A person loosens the hubcap of a motorcycle tire in a clean work area.
939 A man in a black shirt works on a motorcycle wheel in a garage during the daytime.
940 People wave blue and white flags at a march.
940 A parade along a wooded street shows marchers with blue and white flags with PSP written on them waving in front of other, different flags.
940 A group of protesters gather with blue and white flags flying outside on a sunny day.
940 People are gathered on a street, some holding blue and white PSP flags and others holding red and white flags.
940 A crowd waving different flags is congregated in a public space outside.
941 A woman lectures indoors with a photo of a man holding a turtle on an easel to her left and clay objects on lit shelves behind her.
941 A woman addresses people (not shown) in front of her, standing beside a medium-sized painting in a gallery setting (though most shelves are empty).
941 A woman is standing in front of a room with a piece of art on an easel speaking into the camera.
941 A large photograph of a torso of a red headed bearded man holding a turtle is presented by a young woman wearing a badge
941 A young woman in a black dress speaks as she stands next to an easel holding a color photograph of a man holding a turtle.
942 A man is sitting in a chair reading the newspaper and looking out the window at an airport in the daytime.
942 Man sits indoors in daytime, holding newspaper on lap and looking out at airport scene with several planes on ground.
942 At an airport terminal, a man glances back and forth between a newspaper on his lap and planes out on the tarmac
942 man reading a newspaper as he sits at an airport watching planes taxi
942 Young man is sitting at the window of an airfield while glancing at a newspaper on his lap on a cloudy day.
943 A person showing the scar on his/her leg.
943 Dark skinned man, seated, is pointing to a scar on his left thigh indoors.
943 White pants leg rolled up above knee and dark fingers and hands point long scar on leg.
943 a seated person points to a long scar above its left knee
943 A man pulls his pant leg up to show a long scare on his leg.
944 A British man with slicked hair in a vintage three piece suit uses his pipe to point to two areas on a wall map.
944 A man in a suit uses a pipe to point to a map hanging on the wall of an interior room.
944 Standing before a curtain and a map, a suited man uses his smoking pipe to point to a place on the map.
944 A man in 1940's hairdo and an overcoat points with his pipe to two different places on a map posted beside him in a room with curtains as he talks to an unseen audience.
944 An older man points to something on an old map on a wall inside a room with a curtain.
945 An auditorium where people of all ages and races sit and some hold clipboards in their laps.
945 A diverse group of People young and old including head covered Muslim women black and white sitting holding notes and listening to a lecture in a large room.
945 in a large white room, a diverse group of people sit in rows of gray chairs and watch something in front of them
945 Audience of men and women - many wearing head coverings, and many holding papers, sit in chairs looking toward front.
945 A group of men and women sit in a conference room listening and writing on paper.
946 Man giving a lesson to other men in kitchen.
946 White middle aged man is talking to a group of men inside an aquarium store with trophies lined up on the shelf
946 Many people sit, a few stand, listening to a man talk in a room with cases and photos displayed on sides and back.
946 in a room with many aquariums, a man in a black t-shirt talks to a group of other men
946 A man is talking to a group of men sitting in a room filled with aquariums.
947 Man talks as he sits at computer screen showing woman getting into bed.
947 a man watches a video screen showing a woman wearing hair rollers, a shawl, and nightgown climbing onto a bed and sitting leaning against a wall
947 A man in a gray shirt watches a computer monitor where a woman sits on a bed.
947 Middle eastern man with long sideburns shows a video of a woman in white dress getting on a bed with red bed cover and sits down.
947 White man watches a monitor as a woman seats herself on a bed inside a room and moves a pillow around.
948 Two women stand in front of radio station equipment in a room.
948 In a studio with sound equipment, two women in casual attire stand in front of microphones with a control room in back of them.
948 3 young women are in a studio with audio equipment.
948 One woman sits and another young woman stands in the studio of a radio station.
948 Three young women work in the studio of a student run noncommercial radio station at North Carolina University.
949 A person's hand is shown adding to the sketch of a tree.
949 A person adds leaves to the branches of a tree that they are drawing.
949 Someone is sketching a tree on a white sheet of paper.
949 A person at a table draws a tree on a piece of paper.
949 An artist's hand is shown as he adds foliage to a charcoal drawing of trees.
950 Man walks a tight rope with tether attached.
950 a man balances carefully as he walks along a slack line he is attached to
950 A man walks a tight rope outside on a cloudy day.
950 A white bearded man walks on a tightrope with both hands balancing on the side then turns sideways raising one hand on a gray day outdoors
950 White barefooted young man with a beard is walking on a tightrope, secured with a chain to the rope, up against the sky at daylight.
951 a circular fountain sprays water into its center as old buildings with small towers are in the background
951 Sprays of water come from a tall fountain, in the center of a paved park bounded by cement fence and benches and palm and other trees with large building in distance.
951 A water fountain is running in a park on a sunny day.
951 Water fountain in action in a park in the middle of a city with houses in the background at daytime
951 Water fountain in a city.
952 A little boy in blue is writing while another boy watches outside on a sunny day.
952 Two boys, one wearing bugle boy shirt, sit on carpeted floor as one with book and pencil is observed by other.
952 children play outside a school then the scene shifts to two boys studying together
952 Kids play soccer then read and write.
952 Children are running around in a playground as two little dark skinned boys sit, and one of them writes in a notebook during daylight.
953 A bearded man with long hair and glasses sings and plays a guitar with another band member in an inside entertainment venue.
953 2 musicians play and sing into microphones.
953 A group of musicians perform inside a room.
953 A bearded man wearing glasses and another man play guitars and sing into microphones in an indoor venue.
953 Two guitarists, one with long hair, a beard, and glasses wearing a flannel shirt and one in a T shirt with short hair and a mustache play their guitars and sing under purple lighting.
954 Man explaining a basketball play on a screen.
954 A video clip of basketball players is projected on the wall as a Hispanic man points to one of the players on the screen indoors.
954 On large screen, a basketball game is in process but action stops when man comes up to screen and points at a particular player.
954 men in dark or light uniforms play basketball when the image freezes and a man in a blue and white shirt points to a player
954 A man is pointing at a monitor with a basketball game playing in a dark room.
955 Two men dressed in biking outfits are riding close to the ground on skate boards outside on a sunny day.
955 A skateboarder in red with a white helmet going around a curve uses two hands on the ground to maintain balance as he goes forward on the curving track.
955 2 roller skaters come around a sharp curve on an outdoor course.
955 Two men wearing helmets race skateboards down a paved road.
955 A skateboard racer in red and white maneuvers around the turn of a track as a skateboard racer in blue follows.
956 A young woman with long dark hair walks in the surf on the beach on a sunny day.
956 A young woman with long black hair and a short beige dress splashes in shallow water at the seashore
956 A woman with long dark hair scoops up water from a surf-lined beach to offer it to the camera viewer, under a cloudless sky
956 A dark haired woman in a short beige dress stands int he ocean on a sunny day and splashes water at the person operating the camera.
956 A young woman is playing in the ocean on a sunny day.
957 Three dirt bikes and helmeted riders jounce over and around rough terrain between piles of dirt with sheds and yellow trail markers in back.
957 three motorcyclists ride along a twisty, hilly, dirt track in an race area
957 Men ride dirt bikes on an obstacle course on a sunny day.
957 Two green and one red off road bikes come around the bend on a muddy race course with spectators in two white tents behind the yellow warning sign.
957 Motorcyclists wearing helmets are jumping over dirt heaps near two big tents outdoors at night time.
958 Black Ox stand at the edge of the water drinking on a cloudy day.
958 Gray day outside as three buffalos stand at water edge.
958 some muskox munch grass near a body misty of water
958 Water buffalo by the river.
958 Three large black bulls are standing near waters and chewing outdoors in daylight.
959 A bartender with short brown hair, a gray vest, and white shirt prepares an old fashioned at a well-stocked bar.
959 A bartender in a grey vest fixes a drink at the bar.
959 A person stands behind a bar and prepares a drink using the juice of an orange among other things.
959 a male bartender is preparing a drink in front of a mirrored wall with shelves of different liquors, with the glass on the bar in front of him and he cuts a piece of orange peel to put in the drink.
959 A bartender demonstrates how to make a drink at a bar.
960 Young woman attempting to walk a tight rope , falling down.
960 Young woman with long black hair gets on a tight rope, but falls, in a wooded park with the sun shining.
960 Outdoors on sunny day, woman in i2-piece black outfit, mounts a pink ribbon strung across sandy road, balances, then falls.
960 a woman in a purple top and black shorts climbs on to an orange slack ribbon above some sand and loses her balance and falls off
960 A woman stands on a large band stretched between two trees and falls off outside on a sunny day.
961 A fire is burning in the woods outside on a sunny day.
961 Outdoor scene on sunny Spring day where campfire burns on crest of land overlooking lake and forest.
961 a man sits on a hill overlooking a lake talking while there is a fire in the foreground
961 person sitting by the water as a camp fire burns behind.
961 Adult man is sitting alone outdoors next to a campfire surrounded by trees and snow on the ground during a cloudy day.
962 A smiling bespectacled young woman with a bow in her hair and onyx earrings, speaks to the camera as people walk around in the busy city street behind her.
962 A black woman with glasses on a pedestrian street of shops in a city, talks about what makes her happy.
962 A young black woman wearing glasses speaks in front of a camera while people walk around her outside on a sunny day.
962 A young black woman with a bow in her hair and dark red glasses wearing a black blazer feels dead without her lip-gloss.
962 A black woman in glasses stands in a city street busy with foot traffic.
963 A person in hardhat and work clothing uses an industrial tool on a metal surface.
963 A workman with white helmet is hanging from a harness as he rubs an electric tool along a girder outside.
963 A man dressed in construction gear is using a grinder on a building.
963 From a scaffolding, a workman with a white helmet and protective gear is welding under a large metal surface
963 A man wearing a hard hat and a dust mask is indoors using a grinder on a metal beam.
964 People are walking on railroad tracks outside on a cloudy day.
964 Outdoor are several railway tracks among grass and litter with high metal structures at side and overhead.
964 people walk on railroad tracks next to a junk yard and under electric wires
964 A man and a child walk on the tracks as another man with a white shirt walks away from the parallel tracks onto the green grass during a cloudy day.
964 Black people are walking around empty railroads on a cloudy winter day with some snow on the ground
965 A bicyclist with possibly a monkey on his back waves as he rolls down a paved road in a hilly area.
965 A man with a helmet and green jacket carrying a monkey on his back waves as he rides a packed bicycle on a wooded mountain road.
965 A man in a green jacket with a black helmet carrying a weird-shaped package on a bicycle coasts down a road next to a hillside of green during daylight.
965 A man rides a bike past a leafy wall carrying a string instrument in a case on his back.
965 A man on a bike and a large board on his back rides down a street near trees outside on a sunny day.
966 At a small gathering in a home, children work a puzzle on the floor and an adult man helps them with 1 hand, holding a beer in the other.
966 In a large living room, a man squats to help three children work around a picture while other adults and at least one child sit or stand in another part of the room.
966 Two children are inside on the floor drawing on a paper as a little girl watches and a man holding a bottle tries to help.
966 A man with dark hair, a black sweater, and blue jeans holding a beverage bottle crouches down with three children, two boys and a little girl, and helps with a puzzle.
966 A man holding a bottle kneels with a group of children in an indoor room.
967 An older bearded man talks to a younger bearded man at a dinner table indoors with a table cloth, wine bottles, several glasses and plates of food
967 2 men talk over a finished meal at a table set for 4 and one says something causing the other to laugh.
967 Two men are sitting at a dining table talking to one another in a room.
967 Two bearded men sit at a table with a wine bottle on it in an interior room.
967 After a dinner for four including red wine, a man in a blue shirt laughs heartily with a man in a black shirt.
968 ancient battle re-enactment with warriors Laying siege to a fort.
968 Crowd of people, some carrying ladders toward a wooden fortress in the forest at daylight.
968 In day time, a rough wooden structure is surrounded by men many wearing helmets and some moving ladders.
968 men in medieval helmets storm a stockade, trying to crash the gate and carrying ladders around the sides.
968 A large group of men are building a house made of logs outside.
969 the camera pans own a forest scene to a man in a blue suit hugging a woman in a bridal gown holding a bunch of flowers.
969 With trees and waterway in background, blue-suited man faces woman in white, carrying bouquet, at his side.
969 A bride and groom stand near a tree outside on a sunny day.
969 Bride in a white dress holding a bouquet of flowers stands next to the groom in a suit, both standing next to a tree and a small body of water in a park during daylight.
969 Bride and groom stand holding each other under big trees by the pond.
970 A groom in a black suit turns around carrying his bride in a white romantic bedroom room with white brick walls.
970 In an interior room, a man in a tuxedo hold a woman in a wedding gown in his arms and kisses her.
970 A man in dark clothes holds a woman in a white dress and twirls around in a room with a white bed and white brick walls.
970 A groom carries his bride in a circle around a large room with a fireplace and a bed.
970 A groom holds a bride and twirls around in a room with white walls.
971 Large paintings make up a fence at sidewalk.
971 the camera slowly pans across a wall of religious pictures
971 A video of a long graffiti wall outside on a sunny day.
971 A street mural depicting a white woman with head covering and a bearded man holding a gun.
971 Large drawings on a wall alongside a park and sidewalk in sunshine.
972 A man in a black shirt holding a beer gets up from a sofa and walks away in a living room with a television.
972 A man in a dark-blue shirt sitting in front of a blank TV, removes his beer-holding hand from the back of his sofa and stands up and walks away.
972 A man gets up from a couch holding a bottle and heads out of the frame.
972 A man in a black shirt picks up a bottle and rises from his seat in an interior room.
972 A man in a dark blue shirt and blue jeans reaches behind a red sofa in a TV room , picks up a beer, stands up, and walks into another room.
973 A black family with children sit in front of the hut as the kids mill about the yard outside during the day.
973 African village with black children sitting and black children wondering around next to huts on a cloudy day.
973 African boy wearing red short and white shirt emerges from thatch roofed hut, raises hand at girl in striped shirt who is holding hand to mouth, and walks away.
973 a few black adults sit outside a thatched roof hut with a black, blue and green design on part of it as children walk into view and across the screen
973 A group of kids from a village walk around huts on a sunny day.
974 A woman speaks to the camera from a professional kitchen.
974 In a commercial kitchen, a woman with brown hair talks to an interviewer.
974 A young women talks into the camera while standing in a kitchen with others walking around.
974 A young woman with brown hair wearing a black apron on a white shirt is speaking from a restaurant kitchen in Albuquerque.
974 A woman wearing a blue vest speaks in a commercial kitchen while a cook tends to food he is cooking.
975 Grey haired man wearing large white hat, jacket, and leather chaps climbs slowly over fence of stock yard, on sunny day.
975 a man in a white cowboy hat climbs gingerly over a wooden fence in a stockyard
975 A boy dressed like a cowboy in a white hat climbs over a fence near cows walking around on a sunny day.
975 Cowboy with large white hat climbs over pen fence.
975 Young white boy with a cowboy hat is climbing over a fence with cows in the background during day light.
976 man telling what needs to be done as two women walk in a hospital corridor with a nurse standing and a woman with a yellow dress sitting.
976 Two men are discussing medical terms while two women enter, one with long black hair, the other with scarf, all in a medical setting indoors with 2 other people present, one wearing a face mask.
976 Two women, last one wearing blue shorts and purple top, walk up a hall past a couple of closed doors and a window past a person in yellow sitting in a chair and another wearing a white mask and white top.
976 a young woman in denim shorts and a purple top and head scarf walks away from the camera down a hallway of medical offices
976 Two women walk down a hallway of a medical building.
977 As a bride and groom walk their guest throw rice at them outside.
977 Man wearing suit and woman wearing white move quickly through a crowd of people, many throwing rice, some women wearing saris, on a sunny outdoor day.
977 A bride and groom walk through an aisle of people who throw rice on them
977 Bride and man walking the isle as guests cheer on.
977 Group of Indian people are clapping and taking photos as the indian groom and bride walk down in the middle of the crowd during daytime.
978 A man with dark hair and a gray beard wearing protective goggles and yellow headphones is using a power tool in a workshop.
978 A man wearing a blue jacket and ear protection uses power equipment in a shop.
978 A bearded middle aged man wearing noise blocking yellow headphones and goggles uses a power tool and watches his work closely.
978 A man wearing safety goggles and earphones in a work shirt and wearing plastic gloves moves a machine with his hand, back and forth.
978 A man with a yellow set of headset and googles is moving a tool back and forth using his hand.
979 Two men try to stop a car from moving at night
979 At night, black car revs motor and departs as men on either side pat car and bow towards it.
979 two men prepare a black car as tits engine start and then the car starts going away as it tires smoke
979 Black car is revving its engine on a street at night.
979 Black car starts its motor while 2 people touching the car as it leaves in a garage in daytime.
980 a man in a light green jumpsuit and sunglasses is towed along over gravel riding a plywood platform
980 Bald man wearing sturdy yellow gloves and boots pressed against wood crate, holds yellow ropes moving down barren hillside under blue sky.
980 A man in a greet jump suit holds on to a rope and is being pulled in a wooden box outside on a sunny day.
980 Young man in a green outfit sits on a moving wooden frame holding on to a rope outside in sunshine.
980 White young man with sunglasses and yellow suite and brown boots riding driving a sled on the sand during the day.
981 A large man in a green shirt and yellow hat is dancing on stage while other band members perform.
981 A heavy man in a yellow fedora hat and an apple green shirt talks into a microphone on a stage with musicians.
981 A heavy man in a green shirt holding a mic dances onstage next to another man wearing a turquoise necklace who holds a guitar.
981 A man wearing shorts, a green shirt, and a yellow hat talks into a microphone on stage while members of a band play guitars.
981 A very large man in a bright green t-shirt, yellow hat, and dark shorts is performing excitedly with a band at a St Patrick's Day celebration.
982 Outdoors at van with open door and back, three men clap hands and make hand gestures as another stands holding long upright pole.
982 people standing by a van cheer the camera as it goes by
982 A group of men are clapping their hands and walking near a parked van outside on a sunny day.
982 two men and two women clap as they get out of a gray van outdoors.
982 Group of young man, one holding a white cane, standing next to a black van smiling and clapping during daylight.
983 A female police officer rides a bicycle on a city street.
983 A black woman police officer on a bicycle looks back as she rides into a street across from a construction site and a liquor store.
983 A black female police officer on a bicycle pushes off from the side of the street near a liquor store in a small town during daytime.
983 A female police office rides her back on a city neighborhood street.
983 An African American woman police officer on a bike looks to see if anything is coming before going into the street outside on a sunny day.
984 in the valley in front of a waterfall, a woman in a light blue t-shirt squats on a boulder rocking back and forth and puts her head on her knees
984 Woman squats on large rock with her back to view of rocky walls and water falls on sunny day.
984 A person sits on a large rock that is on small rocks and is surrounded by large rocks outside on a sunny day.
984 Young boy wearing a green shirt squats on a rock in front of tall waterfalls and a rocky mountain and another boy sits in the background during daylight.
984 Person sitting on a rock near a waterfall.
985 Man and woman holding hands, dressed up and the woman holding a bouquet of flowers as they walk away from a building onto the street.
985 Man and woman walking holding hands in a neglected neighborhood passing a fence with torn old posters, in daylight.
985 On sunny day outside, man wearing vest and tie holds hands with woman in blue dress as the two cross street in marked crosswalk before proceeding down street near large tree.
985 A couple crosses the street towards the camera and is then shown walking along the sidewalk in front of wall of corrugated metal.
985 A young man and woman cross a street and continue walking pass a building.
986 In the video marked INOCUO, a middle aged man in a business suit points to a screen showing agricultural photos as he gives a presentation.
986 A man in a suit speaks into a microphone in front of an audience in an indoor venue.
986 A standing man speaks to a small group using a microphone and projecting slides on a screen.
986 A man in a suit speaks into a microphone about slides on a screen in front of rows of seats, with three onlookers shown.
986 Two men are standing at the front of a large room and one man is talking into a microphone giving a presentation while the video on the wall is on.
987 On a snow covered ski slope a skier jumps on a long handrail and then successfully jumps off and continues down the slope.
987 A skier skis down a hill and off of a metal rail, smoothly.
987 A man skis over a red railing and land back onto the ground in the snow.
987 A snowboarder slides down a railing on a snow-covered slope.
987 A man in a black ski jacket with dark red sleeves wearing the number 182 skis down the slope, jumps a rail, performs a twist and continues off the rail
988 A woman wearing a blue jacket and holding a piece of paper speaks to other persons in a lighted interior room.
988 In a large room with a fireplace and a wood vaulted ceiling, a woman speaks to a group of adults about a school's title nine basketball program.
988 In a darkened lodge a woman in a blue suit speaks to an assortment of men and women at dusk.
988 A woman in business clothes stands next to a tables of trophies as she speaks to people in a dimly lit room.
988 A woman in a blue jacket is talking to a group of people in a large room.
989 A kayaker in full protective clothing, paddles through energetic water with rock formations on either side.
989 A person with a yellow helmet and orange wet suit and red backpack paddles a kayak down a rock-strewn stream.
989 A person in yellow kayaks in rocky waters on a sunny day.
989 A kayaker wearing a yellow jacket and helmet and a red backpack paddles down a rocky stream.
989 A person wearing a yellow helmet and life preserver paddles a kayak through rapids in a mountain river.
990 White man in a suit mops the floor in an indoor art gallery, lined with pictures on the wall
990 Man in white suit mopping a floor.
990 a man in a grey suit mops the floor in a display of paintings
990 Suited man mops floor in large area where pictures hang on walls.
990 A man in a mask and beige suit mops a floor inside an art gallery.
991 A young nude woman wades a lake as about a dozen other people sunbathe, some nude, and several Holstein cattle rest nearby.
991 People in bathing suits sunbathe on the shore of a lake while a man sits with a small herd of lying cattle.
991 People, some without swimsuits, sunbathe and go into a lake while 5 cows recline in the grass near them.
991 People sunbathe on a sunny day along the shore of a lake as cows bed down across a stream from them.
991 A group of people are standing around and having a picnic around calm water on a sunny day.
992 A man in a burgundy shirt sits in the drivers seat of a car talking into the camera on a sunny day.
992 Man talks and points finger down as he sits in driver's seat of car with front door partially open.
992 a young man in a red t-shirt sits in the drivers seat of a parked car and talks animatedly to someone on the passenger side of the back seat
992 Young white man with short dark hair sits backwards in a car and speaks to camera as a store front can be seen behind him.
992 White man in a red shirt talks in a car parked next to a store with the Open sign in daylight.
993 Person drives a small car very fast on a wet pavement going around obstacles on a cloudy day.
993 A male driver with glasses steers a car through the obstacles on a gray track on a gray cloudy day.
993 on a rainy day, a man drives a race car through a slalom line of orange traffic cones around a track
993 On a cloudy overcast day, man drives vehicle on curving cement course.
993 A person is driving fast on a raceway of cars outside on a cloudy day.
994 A buggy is going through a race course as crowds look on during the day.
994 Old fashioned car is driving on a field following a set course outdoors on a cloudy day
994 A truncated vehicle spews up clouds of dust as it races in a curving line following a blue line on a mown grassy field.
994 a modified ATV stirs up a lot of dust as it races along a curved dirt track in a farm field
994 Someone is riding around an obstacle course in a dune buggy on a sunny day.
995 A helmet wearing person water skis holding the harness of something off camera.
995 A person with a helmet is pulled along on a surfboard by a parasail in a large body of water on a bright day
995 A person is windsurfing in an ocean on a sunny day.
995 Wearing a black helmet, a windsurfer on the open water waves as he goes by.
995 Man wearing a helmet is kiteboarding in the sea.
996 An Asian bride and her mother, hand in hand, are photographed on the dance floor in a reception hall.
996 Two Asian women, one wearing a bridal gown, hold hands and bow
996 2 dressed up women bow together holding hands at a party.
996 An Asian bride stands next to an older woman bowing next to her to the people in a festive eating venue.
996 A bride and an older women are bowing to the people in the room.
997 a man in pulls up behind another car at a stop while a passenger has a foot up on the dash and there is a pair of red dice hanging from the mirror
997 Man drives car slowly, stopping behind another car and raises his hand, as a man's leg rests on the car's dashboard.
997 A passenger is riding in a car with their foot on the dashboard on a sunny day.
997 Two people travel in a car in city traffic while the passenger puts up his bare foot on the dashboard during a cloudy day.
997 Driver tunes car radio as the passenger has leg on dashboard.
998 A woman kisses a man on his neck and quickly pulls away in a kitchen.
998 A woman in a kitchen kisses a man facing her on the neck, then recoils as he approaches her.
998 A woman and man stand in a kitchen when she appears to be examining something on his skin or clothes.
998 A red-haired woman wearing a black jacket kisses a man in an interior space.
998 A woman with black and bright red hair kisses the neck of a man with black hair and glasses and then pulls away.
999 African man and woman walk up dirt path as he points out makeshift houses at which African people sit and walk.
999 a black man and woman walk through a community of tents and corrugated metal shelters
999 A man shows a woman a poor area where people live outside on a cloudy day.
999 Man and woman walk by tents in village.
999 Two young African people are walking at a site of many black people coming and going near shacks at daylight.
1000 2 men sit one seat apart at a conference table in front of 2 abstract paintings and 1 of them talks to the other.
1000 Two men sit at a conference table and the man in a suitcoat with glasses and grey hair talks to the bald man in the black polo shirt in front of wall art.
1000 Two men are sitting at a table having a conversation in a room.
1000 Two men sitting at a conference table in front of two brightly colored paintings discuss security.
1000 A grey haired man wearing glasses and a blue suit coat is seated at a table and is talking to a man in a black shirt who is also seated at the table.
1001 A selection of gems is displayed on a white cloth.
1001 The camera slowly films 13 distinctly different opals on a light surface
1001 A man speaks voiceover as the camera pans over polished semi-precious stones on a white background.
1001 Various shapes and colors of the gemstone called opal are panned over by the camera.
1001 A videotape of different color and size rocks.
1002 White man with glasses and a cap is pointing to a large poster chart next to a window where other people are visible
1002 Man with cap explaining diagram.
1002 a man in a black shirt and hat points to the ladder charts for a sports tournament
1002 Man wearing glasses and hat stands in front of building and points to organizational chart on large stand.
1002 A man in a hat and glasses is pointing to some numbers on white board in a room.
1003 A man and woman hold hands and exchange wedding vows during a wedding ceremony in a room with a white curtain.
1003 Dark haired woman in wedding dress talks as she holds hands of a bald man facing her as two boys wearing signs hanging from their necks observe.
1003 a man in a dark suit with a shaved head and a flower in his lapel holds the bride's hands during a wedding ceremony
1003 A woman officiating a wedding ceremony with a bald bearded groom dressed in a black suite and a bride wearing a cream colored gown as they hold hands with a young bespectacled boy in a suit and a sign on his chest looking on.
1003 Smiling woman with long black hair and a white dress, holds hands with a heavy set man in a suit while 2 young boys overlook, with one of them carrying a sign around his neck indoors next to drapes on the wall.
1004 A young man in a t-shirt walks down a city street looking into the camera and then runs across the street (revealing a Dutch Renaissance building behind him) and runs up the g]curb and grass as though he intended to mount a high wall.
1004 A young man takes a running start from across a city street to scale a man-made outdoor wall.
1004 A man in a tee shirt runs across the street towards a wall in an attempt to jump it.
1004 A man runs across a city street and leaps up an embankment next to the sidewalk.
1004 A young man runs across the street, jumps up a wall, and in the next step jumps up to another wall.
1005 People listen in church.
1005 People of all ages and races gather inside a church building
1005 Many. adults and children stand at pews, others stand against white walls, all looking towards front.
1005 people stand in the pews and aisles of a church
1005 A congregation of people are standing inside a church in the pews and on the side.
1006 a blonde woman in a blue sweater speaks into a pair of microphones in front of a blue wall with company logos on it
1006 Blond woman identified in video text as a Russian foreign affairs spokesperson, talks.
1006 A woman in a blue blouse speaks in front of a blue wall inside a room.
1006 White young woman with blond hair stands in front of a blue board, talks to an audience indoors.
1006 An official looking woman is giving a briefing wearing a blue top.
1007 A woman walks away from a small campfire on the beach at dusk.
1007 A man walks away from a campfire on a beach next to the sea.
1007 A man walks away from a campfire on a beach at sunset.
1007 At twilight a man in long pants and shirt walks away from a fire on a rough beach near the sea.
1007 A person walks up a rocky area with a fire going outside near water.
1008 A young Asian woman with her black hair up is holding a microphone telling someone, 'I will always be by your side''
1008 A white woman holding a microphone brushes back her hair and speaks while a seated man is visible behind her.
1008 A woman standing indoors speaks into a microphone before you see a view outdoors of a body of water with mountains in the distance.
1008 A woman in a sleeveless white top talks into a microphone and reaches up to push her hair away from in front of her face.
1008 An Asian woman is talking into a microphone and pushes the hair off her face.
1009 On a sunny day, three people walk past lake going uphill towards white 2-story house as several others sit on blankets just above the lake's water line.
1009 three people walk away from a small beach in front of a large white house while several others sunbathe
1009 Three people dressed in swim wear walk along side of a shore on a sunny day.
1009 People bathe on a small beach with white house in background.
1009 People sunbathing and some walking up from the water at small rocky beach next to houses on the hill on a sunny day.
1010 White blonde bride high fives the brides maids as the white groom dressed in a dark suit low fives the best men who are all white and bearded outdoors as a middle age couple sits indoors as the woman speaks to the microphone
1010 Young white man and a young white woman in a wedding dress are passing between a row of women and a row of man as they touch hands outdoors during a cloudy day.
1010 Man in suit and tie with flower in label holds hand of woman wearing white as each clasps hands of a line of women and men on each side of long row under overcast sky.
1010 a blonde woman in a white dress high-fives a line of other women in white dresses as a young man in a black tux and tie walks next to her low-fives a line of men in black tuxes
1010 A bride and groom walk down the aisle after exchanging their vows giving the guests high fives.
1011 2 surfers ride a wave and 1 wipes out.
1011 Two surfers in body suits ride a wave but only one remains upright.
1011 A man surfs in the ocean on a sunny day.
1011 A young man with black hair in a black shirt and green pants rides a wave on a white surfboard.
1011 A man on a white surfboard rides a wave toward shore.
1012 A man in a brown shirt has a bow from a bow and arrow stuck in his chest and is trying to get away outside on a sunny day.
1012 It is day light outdoors as man with arrow protruding from shirt covered chest grimaces and ducks as he flails arms.
1012 a man with an arrow protruding from his chest grimaces and turns around to his sight
1012 man with khaki shirt dodges projectiles as he runs in the woods during the day.
1012 Brown haired white man with red stick sticking out on the front of his shirt. runs in the woods among trees turning his head back and forward in daylight.
1013 A white elderly woman speaks and a younger black woman dressed in a flower design dress holding a microphone answers, as a green inflatable cactus stands between them against a red background.
1013 Black woman sitting and talking to a white woman sitting next to a plastic cactus in front of a red wall.
1013 Black woman talks into mike while sitting at one side of a table with an artificial green cactus on it.
1013 a seated black woman talks into a mike in front of a dark orange wall next to a large imitation cactus
1013 An African American woman sits holding a microphone in front of an orange wall inside a room.
1014 A baby in a white shirt walks into a well-lit room.
1014 Small blond boy toddles into larger room, raises hand to mouth.
1014 a toddler biting his fingers walks slowly into a hallway toward some windows and turns the corner
1014 Child walking into room with hand in mouth.
1014 Little white boy with blond hair walks in a corridor toward an open door next to a window during the day.
1015 a group of mostly Asian people shout as they ride a roller coaster backward into a tunnel
1015 Two Asian men sit in front of a carriage going on a roller ride through a tunnel and open area, as they raise and shake hands.
1015 Two men riding a roller coaster backwards go into a dark tunnel on a sunny day.
1015 Young man and women of different races are sitting on a ride in an amusement park going backwards into a tunnel during daylight.
1015 Two young Asian men one with sunglasses both with sort black hair ride on an amusement park ride and scream as it picks up speed into the tunnel.
1016 Fish with silver spots is swimming in deep blue waters.
1016 Fish swims alone .
1016 a dark grey fish with white spots swims idly
1016 A pointy nosed fish glides in dark blue water.
1016 A polka dot fish swims in the ocean in the daytime.
1017 A para glider passes over white sand stripe on the green landing surface in the valley during the day.
1017 Man with helmet is about to be lifted up unto a balloon over green grassy fields during daylight.
1017 Man wearing yellow and silver helmet rides in balloon basket over grassy terrain and a line of white rocks.
1017 wearing a yellow and white helmet, a man strapped in to a hang glider coasts into a grassy area with a white line
1017 A man in a yellow and white helmet comes in for a landing on a hand glider outside on a sunny day.
1018 On a sunny day with gravel pathway in rear and side a beige jacked man talks and points as a blond woman has hand to mouth.
1018 at the intersection of paths in a park, a man in a tan blazer talks to a woman in a red and white striped sweater and point to something off to the left
1018 A man in a tan jacket talks to a woman and another person in a grassy area on a sunny day.
1018 Man points to trees as he speaks to a woman outdoors during the day.
1018 Middle aged white man is talking in French to a middle aged white woman in a park at daytime.
1019 An African American man in a hat and sunglasses is walking around on a underground train station platform with lights.
1019 A black man in a winter jacket and a floppy beige hat walks aimlessly among people beside a subway train underground just pulling out of the station.
1019 A man walks among other people who are waiting for or just left a subway car.
1019 People walk on a subway platform as a train passes.
1019 A subway train goes by at markers 157 as several people dressed in winter coats walk on the platform.
1020 Two women, one with short blonde hair and a red dress and the other with wavy blonde hair and a green dress and necklace stand in front of a beach on a lake.
1020 A blond woman in red and another blond woman in green stand next to a beach on a sunny day.
1020 2 heavily made up bleached blonde women in pastel dresses stand by the water's edge as one speaks to the camera and the other one nods in agreement.
1020 A blonde woman in red with long earrings stands in front of a lake talking, next to another blonde woman in green who nods as the other woman talks.
1020 A blonde woman wearing red stands in front of water and speaks to the camera with another woman in green besides her.
1021 A soldier in ceremonial red coat marches in front of probably Buckingham Palace.
1021 A member of the Queens Guard steps out of his booth pivots left and begins marching in front of Buckingham Palace.
1021 A british guard in red tunic and black, bearskin hat leaves the guard box and starts to march to his right at the entrance to a government building.
1021 A man in red and black uniform marches out of a protective kiosk.
1021 A man dressed in a British Military outfit stands guard in front of a building outside of a sunny day.
1022 A woman holds a little girl standing before of a tile wall and embraces the child after the child kisses her cheek.
1022 A woman with long dark hair holds and happily hugs a little girl, both in bright dresses, in front of a wall with white enamel panels.
1022 A little girl gives a woman a kiss then the woman gives her a tight hug in front of a white wall.
1022 A woman with long dark hair wearing a floral print dress hugs and kisses a toddler girl wearing a floral print dress.
1022 A woman wearing a white flowered dress hugs a little girl in a tiled room.
1023 Female exercise instructor with red top demonstrates an exercise with a man laying down with his feet on the blue wall in the gym.
1023 Young woman sitting on the floor explain a man's position as he demonstrates an exercise in a laying down position with his bare feet leaning on the wall inside a room.
1023 Man lies on exercise mat with knees bent and feet on blue flat surface on wall as kneeling woman points out position, and use of.
1023 a woman kneels on the floor describing a man who lies on his back with knees bent and feet flat against a wall as both wear orange top and black shorts
1023 A man lays on an exercise mat demonstrating a position as an instructor shows what needs to be done.
1024 Along a pedestrian street, in spring, a young woman dressed in red rides seated in an ornate chair pushed by a man with long black hair and a tri-corner hat.
1024 A girl dressed in red and gets off of a tourist carriage ride on a small street and says goodbye as another person on a carriage gets ready to begin their carriage ride.
1024 A man dressed in a costume is pushing a cart on a street with people watching stops to let a young girl off.
1024 A woman in a red dress jumps from a chair being pushed by a long-haired man dressed as a pirate while numerous people pass by on the city street
1024 A man in a pirate costume pushes a woman in a red rain poncho on an elaborate rolling chair flying a pirate flag.
1025 A man in a striped shirt is walking and holding a little girls hand on a sunny day.
1025 A man wearing backpack and carrying sweatshirt walks holding a little girl's hand as they move towards some bikes parked on the street.
1025 a man in a white, red, and blue t--shirt and blue jeans holds the hand of a little girl in pink and they walk along a path in a childrens' park
1025 Man with backpack walks holding hands with a little girl wearing pink towards other kids with bikes.
1025 One adult with a backpack on his back is walking in the park holding the hands of a small child in daylight
1026 Dancers practice at the barre.
1026 Girls do coordinated dance moves backed by a wall inside.
1026 A line of dancers are dancing inside a room with a bar on the wall.
1026 Six women in a line wearing black dance shoes rehearse arm movements in a dance studio
1026 A group of dancers practices in a studio.
1027 People get ready to walk through a city street carrying a banner for their organization.
1027 Marchers in a Glasgow main street carry a banner in support of greenery.
1027 A man with a green banner is walking with a group of people outside on a sunny day.
1027 The Glasgow Green Party, some carrying flags, marches behind a large green banner at a demonstration on a city street.
1027 A group of demonstrators carrying a 'Glasgow Green Party' banner walks down a city street.
1028 In rocky cliff face, a gull sits on nest and squawks when another tries to land.
1028 a white sea bird flies at a similar bird sitting on the face of a rocky cliff and is driven off
1028 A seagull sits on a rock and makes noise when another one comes to close outside.
1028 White seagull scares off another as he sits on top of rocks on cliff.
1028 A white bird is sitting on rocks and opens his beak as another bird flies in and passes food to the beak of the first bird during day light.
1029 A video camera is set up and two people in front of the room make last minute preparations for a Think About It presentation.
1029 A man is seated and a woman is standing in front of a screen on the dais of a small auditorium.
1029 2 people are at the front of a church auditorium with a slide screen and audio visual equipment set up in the back and rows of chairs for attendees.
1029 In a large empty auditorium, a camera man sets up to film a dais with a table for 5 speakers with an overhead space to project pictures as a man and a woman prepare.
1029 A man and a woman stand at the front of a large room filled with empty chairs.
1030 A man dressed in black with a blue helmet and a woman in orange with a white helmet are seen drifting in a hang glider over green mountains on a partly cloudy day.
1030 A man and a woman, both wearing helmets, are parachuting over mountains toward the coast.
1030 A male and female hang glide over mountains and low buildings that look like houses.
1030 A woman in a white helmet and orange jumpsuit rides in front of (and attached to) a man in a blue helmet who guides a parachute or paraglider over a mountain valley.
1030 A women in an orange outfit is hand gliding with another person on a cloudy day.
1031 A large car starts to back out of a garage in a row of garage doors at night with lights on.
1031 A black Mercedes backs out of a garage into an alley in the dark.
1031 Someone is pulling a Mercedes out of a garage inside a building.
1031 A car begins backing out of a garage at night.
1031 A black Mercedes with backup lights is slowly backing out of the first garage door in a long row.
1032 A man in a green shirt in the kitchen tries to flip his food to a plate but spills some on a wooden surface.
1032 A man in an olive green T shirt is mostly successful turning out a tarte tatin onto a counter as another man watches.
1032 A man in a dark polo shirt holds something cooked between a pan and a plate and turns the pan so that the plate gets the food, at an indoor wood table with a man watching.
1032 A man in a kitchen flips over a pan to put something hot that he cooked onto a serving plate as another male watches.
1032 A man with cooking mitts on attempts to flip an iron pan and put the contents on a plate inside a room.
1033 Group of hispanic adults and children sitting in a van and then playing with the children outdoors in daytime.
1033 Woman speaks to adults holding kids in a van as other kids are being attended to outside.
1033 one woman, among a group of people crowded into the back of a van, talks when the scene shifts to two men in orange shirts with two little girls in flowered dresses
1033 Crowded bus with adults and children and a woman talks and motions.
1033 A group of people are sitting on a bus then a few of them are unwrapping a wooden object.
1034 A man works in well-manicured garden in front of a large building outside on a sunny day.
1034 In a subtropical setting in front of a large two-story building, a gardener tends to one of the plots in an elaborate formal garden in daylight.
1034 A person maintains a flower bed of a formal garden.
1034 A man tends a formal garden in front of a building.
1034 A man with black hair works in one of eight rose gardens bordered by hedges in front of a manor house.
1035 Kayakers put their boats on some rocks and grass.
1035 Several people beach brightly colored small kayak-like boats out of a stream, and one back packed person walks across a nearby rock outcropping.
1035 Men are park their kayaks near an area with rocks and grass then walk away outside on a sunny area.
1035 Three young men, each with a different color kayak, and one with a red raft packed with camping supplies, park on the side of a stream and start hiking along the rocks into a wooded area.
1035 A man wearing a blue helmet pulls a kayak out of a creek onto the shore.
1036 A black gloved hand turns the pages on a colorful Harry Potter pop-up book featuring winged fantasy creatures.
1036 Pages of a Harry Potter Pop Up book is being turned by a black gloved hand.
1036 Hand gloved in black turns pages of a Harry Potter pop-up book.
1036 a hand in a black glove opens a page in a pop-up book to show a dragon-like monster
1036 Someone opens a card with pop ups of dragons and bats.
1037 Simple little shacks with clothing items hung on a rope to dry outdoors near a mountain in daylight.
1037 Laundry hanging in front of the house.
1037 the camera pans away from a line of wash hanging in a small yard behind some houses
1037 Clothes hang over a line and green plants and a tree grow in patch facing the clothes line.
1037 A video of clothes hanging on a clothes line outside on a sunny day.
1038 Man flies down snowy mountain under snow kite.
1038 a skier on a hang-glider floats over the down slope of a snowy mountain on a sunny day
1038 A snowboarder goes across snow with a parachute on a sunny day.
1038 A para glider with a snow board and a blue and white parachute glides along the snowy mountain slope over the snow during the day.
1038 A person is paragliding over snowy mountain on a bright sunny day
1039 A young Asian bride and groom in a white horse drawn carriage pass by a souvenir shop on a narrow cobblestone street.
1039 An Asian-looking man in a black suit and a woman in a bridal gown ride down a city street in a horse-drawn carriage decorated with flowers.
1039 A dressed up man and woman travel by white horse and white carriage with a driver down an old, cobblestone paved street.
1039 A dark-skinned bride and groom are pulled by a horse and driver in a white, decorated buggy down a row of town shops.
1039 A bride and groom are being pulled by a horse and white carriage outside on a sunny day.
1040 A musical performer sings in a created scene of sheet music strewn and a guitar on the floor wearing black clothes, black eye makeup smeared by tears, and a faux syringe in her arm.
1040 A dark-haired brown woman lying on sheet music and album covers and sings as her tears smudge her heavily mascara-ed eyes.
1040 A crying woman in black is laying on a bed with music sheets around her singing.
1040 A woman in black surrounded by sheet music and a book entitled Killer lies with a tear stained face and a hypodermic needle in her arm.
1040 A woman in black surrounded by sheets of music reclines indoors.
1041 An older man wearing white hat and checkered shirt, sits on dirt slope near grassy area on sunny outdoor day, gesturing to placard he holds with one hand propped against his bent leg.
1041 a man in a spring garden setting wearing a white hat, red and black checked shirt, and jeans sits on the ground talking and gesturing to people off-screen
1041 A man in a plaid shirt and white hat is sitting on the ground and holding a pad on a sunny day.
1041 an older man sitting on the dirt at a dig, wearing a white hat and holding a notepad.
1041 Older white man with grey hair and grey beard wearing a white hat and red and black checkered shirt is sitting on the ground in soil outdoors at daylight while explaining about wormlike creatures.
1042 A dark haired woman with a coffee drink has her laptop open and takes notes on paper at an outdoor cafe as images of various women from African and Egyptian cultures appear on the screen.
1042 A woman with long dark hair sits at an outside metal table with a laptop computer open as she writes on paper near the street as inset pictures of African women including Nefertiti and a cleopatra-like silent movie actress pop up onto the screen.
1042 A young woman sits at a table writing and as she thinks about the people she is writing about their photos appear.
1042 A young woman with long dark hair sits outdoors at a coffee shop with a laptop, as visuals that inspire her jewelry design pop up in the background
1042 A woman with long dark hair and wearing a black blouse is sitting at an outdoor table behind a laptop computer and is writing on a piece of paper.
1043 tall man and short woman dance in an event hall with people looking on.
1043 Young woman with long black hair in a white wedding dress dances with a tall white man in a suit on a dance floor surrounded by a group of smiling people, indoors in a dance hall.
1043 Indoor ballroom setting as tall man wearing suit and bow tie dances with a woman with long hair and white long gown as people watch.
1043 a bride and groom dance in a circle of onlookers
1043 A bride and groom are dancing with the guests watch inside a large room.
1044 An African American woman makes a gesture with her mouth then slightly turns her head.
1044 Head of black woman making blowing movement from lips.
1044 in a profile head-shot a black woman chants softly
1044 A black woman with short hair and earrings and red lipstick sings and turns her head away.
1044 Older black woman facing the camera then turns to show her profile against a lit up background.
1045 Hispanic man with a cap stand next to a big sign near trees and a river at daytime.
1045 Hispanic man with purple team attire stands in front of scoreboard on a soccer field and speaks to camera.
1045 a pock faced man in a black hoodie and baseball hat talks in front of a scoreboard in a park
1045 Man wearing blue cap with H on front talks as he stands in front of blue divider and a sports scoreboard standing in back.
1045 A man in a baseball cap speaks into a camera on a field with a purple score board on a sunny day.
1046 A bare-chested black man places something near a black man in a pink shirt standing (stopped) on this bicycle, and as the bare-chested man jogs away, a firecracker goes off and knocks the pink-shirted man off his bike.
1046 A man with an injured foot is getting ready to ride his bike when another man places a firecracker under the back tire causing the bike rider to jump off when it explodes.
1046 A man sneaks up behind a man in a pink shirt on a bike and puts a firecracker near the wheel and it scares him when it goes off.
1046 A man sabotages a bicycle causing a black bicyclist to fall off the bike onto the street..
1046 A man in a yellow hat places a firecracker under a bicycle and when it goes off a man in a red shirt jumps off the bike.
1047 A person in blue pants and brown work shoes goes up a couple concrete steps to the blue door of a house.
1047 A man in blue jeans climbs several steps to the door of a yellow house while a singer claims that C-A-S-H is the root of all evil.
1047 A person in blue jeans walks up three steps towards a blue door.
1047 A man in blue jeans and brown soft soled shoes walks up three steps to a blue door of a small house with stained siding
1047 A person walks up steps toward a blue door.
1048 Man crosses the road on a city street lined with shops as a young white man sings with a guitar on the sidewalk during daylight.
1048 Man plays guitar and sings on sidewalk.
1048 on an old downtown street, a man in a straw hat and blue shirt stands on a sidewalk, strums a guitar and sings
1048 Few people or cars on city streets or sidewalks, as a man wearing hat stands on street corner, playing guitar.
1048 A man in a hat plays a guitar on the sidewalk in front of stores.
1049 A woman sitting in a gold chair holds up a necklace during the daytime.
1049 Woman sits in yellow padded chair backing to window holds up three strand necklace with crystals, and talks.
1049 in an office building, a woman in a black jacket and white ruffled blouse holds up a deep grey beaded necklace and smiles broadly
1049 A young white woman sitting on a yellow chair in a high rise showing a large brown necklace.
1049 White young woman with long brown hair sits in a yellow armchair next to a window and holds up a 3 string necklace on a cloudy day.
1050 Various waterfowl wade and swim in an outdoor area.
1050 Several ducks with distinctive markings can be seen either walking through wet ground or swimming.
1050 Several different kinds of duck walk or swim in a park-like setting in daylight.
1050 Different types of waterfowl are seen on land and in water.
1050 Ducks are walking in a grassy area that has some water in the daytime.
1051 A man in white is playing a baby grand piano while another man sings in a room.
1051 A man in a green polo shirt stands talking in front of a grand piano with a man in white shirt ready to play.
1051 A man in white accompanies a male singer on the piano.
1051 A man with glasses wearing all white sits at a piano while a man in a green shirt stands with his arm on the piano.
1051 A man with brown hair, a bright green shirt, and black pants leans against a grand piano played by a man dressed in white.
1052 Ceremony of Middle Eastern sheik handing over a sword to a uniformed person with brown skin, while other middle eastern people observing standing outdoors next 6 flags mounted on poles.
1052 Man in uniform receives something from a man in Arab garb, then salutes him as other uniformed men stand to attention.
1052 at a military ceremony, a man in royal red Arab garb presents a sword to a uniformed man who salutes him
1052 Gray skies overhead as Man garbed in flowing white head dress and gold trimmed robe, hands an item to man in military uniform who retreats then raises sword saluting the first man.
1052 A man in a Sheikh's costume hands a man in a military uniform a sword and then the military man salutes him.
1053 a black man in a helmet and grey riding gear goes around a corner and rides away
1053 Person wearing black and white striped helmet with plexiglass facing rides motorbike, turning right onto highway.
1053 A woman rides off on an orange motorcycle on a sunny day.
1053 Black person on a motorcycle turns around on a city road following a truck in daylight.
1053 Motor cyclist looks at traffic on the left before merging.
1054 A black man wearing a white tank, white saggy pants, and a red cap performs at the Digiwaxx Mega Pool Party at dusk near tropical hotels.
1054 A black man dressed in white with a red cap speaks into a microphone at an outdoor nighttime function under a sign saying 'Digiwaxx Mega Pool Party.'
1054 A man is on an open air stage in a city speaking into a microphone.
1054 At night, a tall black man in sleeveless white shirt and white pants and a red cap talks into a microphone to a crowd under umbrellas on a plaza among tall buildings
1054 An African American man in a red hat walks around talking on a stage in front of a group of people on a sunny day.
1055 confetti flies through the air as onlookers applaud a young man in a blue shirt kissing a woman in an off-white dress
1055 Outside amid flurry of white petals, people stand and clap as man clasps woman at waist and she has her arms at his shoulders and they move together.
1055 A bride and groom dance as guests throw graffiti on them outside on a sunny day.
1055 Young white man and a young woman are dancing while people around them are clapping and while little paper pieces are flying around them outdoor near shrubs and trees at daytime.
1055 Guests clap as a newlyweds dance and white and blue confetti falls down outside in a garden.
1056 Young Asian man wearing blue shirt and khaki pants and DC Shoe Co. black and white sneakers break dances over the logo DCSHOECO on the asphalt as other young black and white break-dancers look on and another dressed in black starts his dance.
1056 Young Hispanic man is performing dances outdoors on the street as other young hispanic people are watching him next to white tents on a sunny day.
1056 Boys sit cross legged at side of mat on which another boy goes down and on one arm then the other twirls around on the ground gymnastically.
1056 a man in a blue shirt and white pants break-dances in front of an audience seated on the floor
1056 A young man in a blue shirt does break dancing surrounded other m=young men outside on a sunny day.
1057 Black man in a Howard University sweatshirt and another black man in a red OU cap set up pieces on a football game board.
1057 A group of black men wearing various team colors play table football at three tables in a room with photograph covered walls.
1057 Black men lean over a board simulating football as they roll dice to take turns playing and manipulating their team's players on the large board, inside a room with another board and pictures on the wall.
1057 4 men play as teams of 2, each team of 2 using their own large game board that is a replica of an American football field with game pieces that they move around to play the game.
1057 A man in a blue sweatshirt and three other men are in a room playing a football board game.
1058 A man in a white shirt is leading a pray with a group of young children in a large room.
1058 In a large gymnasium, a white man in a white shirt talks to a multi-racial group of children and their counselors.
1058 A man with clasped hands speaks to a group of mixed age and race male and female children some of whom close their eyes and clasp their hands together as they stand in an indoor gym.
1058 A man in black shorts and a white shirt leads a group of children in a religious ceremony.
1058 In a large room, a man in a white T shirt and black shorts leads a prayer before a group of children and other young adults dressed in white T shirts and black shorts..
1059 Young Hispanic man is sitting and talking to a middle aged white man with glasses sitting next to him in a room indoors.
1059 Two men sitting in a room talking.
1059 a man in a white shirt and jeans talks to another man in blue shirt, grey trousers, and calf high grey socks
1059 Two men sit in chairs, one wearing white shirt gestulating and talking to second man wearing blue shirt and glasses.
1059 Two men sitting in roped chairs are having a conversation a room with papers on the wall.
1060 White young bare chested man walks toward a white young blonde woman helping her to climb out from under a rock in a forest at daytime.
1060 Woman climbs rock in woods as man helps her.
1060 a man coaches a woman who is trying to climb the underside of an overhang
1060 Outdoor, leafed trees, large boulders and a shirtless man reaching into cave like opening in pile of large rocks to receive an animal from other arms.
1060 A shirtless man is assisting a woman trying to climb a rock low to the ground.
1061 Shallow waves end at beach with dark brown sand under cloudy skies on Prince Edward Island.
1061 The tide is coming in at sunset.
1061 Waves are coming onto the shore line on a cloudy day.
1061 Small waves break on a beach at sunset.
1061 The sun is shining through the clouds onto the gentle waves at the Ile Du Prince Edward seashore.
1062 A man in a green shirt and knit cap tries to climb a steep, smooth rock in a wooded setting after the leaves have fallen.
1062 A young man with a winter cap starts to scale a rock face in the woods but hops down right away.
1062 A young man in a green shirt attempt to climb rocks and falls to his feet outside on a sunny day.
1062 A man in a knit cap slips as he attempts to climb a vertical rock face in a wooded area.
1062 A young man in a ski cap and green T shirt jumps up and clings to a rock in the woods, loses his grip ,and falls back down.
1063 A group of men carry a large platform filled with flowers and a statue down the middle of the street being led by a minister on a sunny day.
1063 Men robed in purple carry large structure decked with floral arrangements and a religious statute, down crowded city street in daytime.
1063 men slowly carry a statue of a crowned woman on a flowery platform down a street
1063 Religious procession going through a street.
1063 Funeral procession as hispanic men carry the casket filled with flowers and a statue on top, pass by in a town , observed by people on a cloudy day.
1064 4 men sit together and 1 holds up a small piece of paper with printing on it and when he comments about it, his friends laugh.
1064 A multi-racial group of four men in casual but somewhat grubby attire sit against a brown wall and talk to the camera.
1064 A man sitting on a sofa with three other men holds a brown package in his hand and is talking about it inside a room.
1064 Four seated young men of different races chat and chuckle as one of them picks up and displays a CD.
1064 A seated black man holds probably a CD cover while three other seated men watch
1065 Woman is hiking along a path overlooking a lake and mountains on a clear sunny day
1065 camera pans across big lake in the mountains
1065 on a brightly sunny day a woman hiker in grey looks down into a lake in a crater and walks off screen while the camera pans across the lake
1065 Elevated view toward lake encircled with barren hills and grassy, tree studded knoll as person walks up knoll's path.
1065 A man walks along side of a mountain on a sunny day.
1066 the camera pans past three small white bowls full of a foamy brown liquid on a brown counter while three more are in the background
1066 Three white bowls filled with brown substance, sit at edge of curved table.
1066 A video of six cups of hot chocolate on a counter inside.
1066 Three cups filled with hot chocolate are sitting on a counter in a dark room.
1066 A barista's voice speaking as there are 6 white full coffee and silver tumblers cups on the counter
1067 A person walks along a road that is meant for car traffic as cars pass by.
1067 A dark-skinned man, dressed like a peasant, carrying a bag walks along a paved highway with cars passing.
1067 A young man wrapped in a blanket walks down a street with cars passing him.
1067 A Brown skinned man with black hair walks along a road lined with sand and palm trees while wearing a burlap sack. .
1067 A person in a brown jacket walks along a paved road as cars pass on the right.
1068 A small white plane taxis away down runway under cloudy sky.
1068 a white single-engine plane taxis on to a runway
1068 A small plane rides on a runway on a sunny day.
1068 Small aircraft taxis on the runway.
1068 Propeller airplane is taking off at an airport surrounded by mountains in daylight.
1069 A man and a blonde woman wearing a sleeveless fancy dress dance in front of a bar inside a tavern or restaurant.
1069 A dressed up man and woman dance together indoors with chandeliers and a bar int he background.
1069 A man twirls a blond woman around as they dance in a room.
1069 A blond woman dances with a man wearing a white shirt and a suit coat in an interior room.
1069 In a video labeled dassa music, a woman with long blonde hair dances with a man in a black suit in a bar.
1070 A group of people mixed ages and mixed race are clapping and listening to a white middle aged speaker wearing sunglasses at the podium on a sunny day outdoors.
1070 VIP'S Siting on a stage clapping their hands as an elderly man gives a speech from the podium
1070 Outdoors on a brightly sunny day, a man in front of a row of seated people stands at a lectern facing the camera and address an audience in front of him
1070 Two rows of men in suits and women in dresses finish applauding as they sit in folding chairs on bright sunny day while another man stands at podium in the center.
1070 A man gives a speech in front of a group of people sitting behind him.
1071 A female model wearing very high-heeled shoes walks on a runway between spectator galleries.
1071 A model with two toned hair wearing a black, white, and sheer contemporary dress and black spiked heel strappy ankle boots, walks the runway at a fashion show
1071 A model at a fashion show walks the runway in a black and white dress with black-and-white hair as onlookers sit watching.
1071 People are in an audience watching a woman walk to the end of a white surface and then turn and walk the other way.
1071 A female model in black and white is surrounded by people as she walks down a runway in a large room.
1072 Many motorcycles with flags are driving by a road along with some trucks ion a street lined with houses on a cloudy day.
1072 group of motorcyclists with flags in city traffic
1072 a large group of motorcyclists, some carrying flags, drive away from the camera near some half-timbered buildings
1072 On a gray day, many motorbikes and some other vehicles travel through green traffic light up street past 2-story buildings on either side.
1072 A large group of motorcycles drive through a street on a cloudy day.
1073 A person skiing down a hill takes a jump over a tall barrier outside on a sunny day.
1073 A skier clears one hurdle after another to continue down a cleared track in a competition, with mountains in the background.
1073 A skier does stunts as they go down the mountain.
1073 A skier goes over obstacles on a snow-covered downhill course.
1073 A skier in a black jacket and yellow pants jumps a rail and then rides a rail on a ski slope.
1074 a young man starts down some steps into a swimming pool separated from the ocean by a low wall
1074 Tanned man with dark short hair and no shirt descends stairs near swimming area with ocean in background in daylight.
1074 A young boy gets into a pool of beautiful water outside on a sunny day.
1074 Young man descends into a swimming pool next to the ocean where several other people are already in the water in bright daylight.
1074 Man goes down the stairs into a beach side pool on a partly cloudy day.
1075 Man wears hat with red top and standing, removes his red coat facing out on snowy woods.
1075 a man wearing an orange stocking hat in a forest with snow on the ground takes off the orange jacket that was over his blue shirt
1075 A man standing on a deck takes an orange jacket off on a wintery day with snow on the ground.
1075 A white man on a deck takes his red jacket off wearing a wool hat in black green and red facing the trees and the snow. during the day.
1075 White man stands in a small balcony as he takes off his red jacket snow covered ground in the woods at day light.
1076 a young man in an orange shirt rappels down a practice wall in a store, loses his balance and then rappels the rest of the way down
1076 Boy wearing red shirt holds ropes as he rapidly descends from rocky wall.
1076 A boy in a red shirt loses his grip on an indoor climbing wall and falls down a bit while being strapped in.
1076 Young boy in a red shirt is up on a rock climbing wall, slides down, and slides down again while people are watching him.
1076 Rock climber dangles then gets down to ground with rope.
1077 A man dressed in white standing behind a man in a Navy blue shirt takes a gamebird from another and holds it upside down by its feet.
1077 A man wearing a hat holds a rooster by the feet in a patio area.
1077 A man holds a live bird behind another man performing a rite.
1077 A Latino man looks intensely toward some activity outside the shaded space where he stands as a man in a hat carries a cock by its feet and waits behind the intense man.
1077 A man holds a duck upside down behind another mans back outside near a building.
1078 A man in black and white evening wear is photographed by a man as he relaxes against a black and white bar indoors.
1078 A bearded dark-haired man sits on a stool with his back to an elegant bar with an assortment of bottles behind it, as a photographer takes his picture,
1078 A photographer is taking pictures of a man dressed in a suit at a bar inside a room.
1078 A man in a gray sweater photographs a man with black hair and beard wearing a black suit leaning against a black bar with a white top.
1078 A man in a grey sweater photographs a man in a white shirt who is seated on a bar stool with his back to a bar.
1079 Red balloons fly around room with several young men standing and moving about as one shakes a bottle and releases spray on others before he drinks.
1079 in a dancing roomful of people a young man shakes spray out of a champagne bottle as some of the others throw orange balloons
1079 A group of men are jumping around and drinking in a room with pink balloons.
1079 Young people dance, shake bottles of bubbly and dance at a party in a home.
1079 Young white men and women are partying, dancing and drinking in a room inside.
1080 A person draughts at a professional draughtman's table set up in a space where there is an exhibition.
1080 A man in black in an art gallery draws on a large sheet of paper on a stand, with his hand going from top to bottom and no color appearing, and the voice talks about 'the nothingness of the line.'
1080 A man in black draws on large white paper on an art table in a large room with white wall.
1080 A man in black standing at a drawing board amid shadowy images in a gallery describes his drawing technique.
1080 A man in black clothing is drawing on paper at a drawing table in a gallery.
1081 Man walk with a dog on a leash in a fenced in park next to a road with a car parked during daytime
1081 Man with shorts walking small dog in park.
1081 a man in black shirt and grey shorts walks a small dog toward the fence of a park
1081 Man wearing hat and walking shorts, walks dog on leash across dirt patches toward greenery.
1081 A man in gray shorts walks a dogs in a park on a sunny day
1082 man walk down corridor pushing a skateboard.
1082 Brown skinned man in red shirt and a cap walks into an apartment and stops to look at a black object inside a room.
1082 Man wearing slippers walks from end of corridor towards back of purple stuffed chair in white walled room.
1082 in a house, a young man walks out of a room into a hallway, kicks up a skateboard and walks on past the camera
1082 A man comes out of a room into the hallway putting his hat on and pushing a skateboard next to a wall.
1083 Man wearing walking shorts and dark top walks away from viewer down narrow cobbled alley between stone wall and building during daytime.
1083 a man in a dark t-shirt and shorts walks down a narrow path between two stone walls
1083 A man in shorts walks in between two stone buildings on a stone path outside during the day.
1083 Young white man walk wearing shorts and a black t shirt walk a narrow alley under arches along an ancient wall during the day.
1083 Man in shorts and barefoot, walks away on a narrow street lined with stone walls on a sunny day/
1084 in a grocery store aisle, a blonde woman in a green shirt with product logos on it gestures to canned products while talking to the camera as a bearded man with a blue shirt faces her from her left
1084 Woman wearing green top points out canned products on top shelf of a display to bearded man wearing glasses with superimposed words RC Fine Foods.
1084 A woman in a yellow shirt is demonstrating to a man cartons of a food item on a metal shelf.
1084 White adult female with medium length blond hair in a green uniform talks to a white male adult with beard and glasses inside a store in front of shelves lined with canned food items.
1084 Woman showing food cans on display to a man wearing green clothes.
1085 A very large crowd of people are walking around where hot air balloons are parked near A white truck and trailer on a sunny day.
1085 Large crowd mills around field where three hot air balloons are tethered.
1085 three inflated hot-air balloons wait on the ground as a mass of people mill around a large space in front of a row of large white tents
1085 3 large colorful hot air balloons are tethered to the ground among the crowds with a white truck hauling a white trailer next to them with one balloons way up in the air on a field in the daytime.
1085 A field with people, tents, three hot air giant balloons on a field during daylight as another balloon is up on the sky on a cloudy day.
1086 An older man stands from a stooping position and walks away on a sunny day.
1086 In a middle eastern setting, a man in dark clothes stands up from a crouch against the mud wall of a building, cries out and walks toward a gate in a wall.
1086 A one handed old man who was resting stands up and walks down a dry, gritty road to the right of metal doors with a tulip drawn on one of them.
1086 A barefoot man rises from a squatting position and walks down a dirt road next to a high wall.
1086 A bald Asian man wearing a black sweater and white shirt Is holding a hand tool as he stands up outside an adobe building and walks toward a door.
1087 Two men walk toward the entrance of a pub called The Bull.
1087 Two men are seen walking into The Bull, a large tutor style pub used by the BMP for meetings.
1087 Two figures walk into a Tudor-style pub in England
1087 2 men walk through the parking area of a place called 'The Bull' on a cloudy day.
1087 Two men are walking across a parking lot towards a white English Pub looking building in the daytime on a cloudy day.
1088 Young white male with brown hair and wide smile recites a marriage proposal.
1088 young man sitting by a body of water telling his girlfriend he loves her and wants to marry her
1088 A smiling young man in a blue and white checked shirt rocks back and forth and talks into the camera
1088 Young smiling man talks in English to camera in outdoor daytime setting.
1088 A man in a blue plaid shirt speaks into the camera outside on a sunny day.
1089 In front of patio chairs, a man in vertical black-and-red stripes shirt talks, then the other balding man, then the first man adds while the second man appears to give up.
1089 2 men on a stage speak to people off camera.
1089 A man in a red and black striped shirt and another man in a tan jacket are talking in front of a camera.
1089 A bearded man wearing a striped 'Opel' jersey and another man holding a cup speak and gesture with their hands.
1089 A man with a red and black Jersey, a man with a tan coat, and a woman seated in a lawn chair all coach a girls soccer team during a night game.
1090 Hispanic man with a cap and sunglasses sits on leather chair and talks into a microphone in front of a red curtain indoors.
1090 Young hispanic man with a hat and brown sunglasses talks to a big Green microphone sitting on a brown leather chair in front of a red curtain.
1090 a man in a black hat, sunglasses, and white polo shirt talks into a mike
1090 Man with high forehead and tinted glasses and black hat sits on maroon sofa against maroon curtains and talks into green mike with triangle symbol on side.
1090 A man in a black hat speaks into a green microphone in front of a red curtain.
1091 a girl sweeps the sidewalk in front of a tan building with brown and white decorated stripe along its bottom edge and an open window and blackboard
1091 Asian girl wearing blue smock sweeps sidewalk in front of building.
1091 A small girl in a blue dress is outside sweeping the front of a building on a sunny day.
1091 Young Asian girl is sweeping the floor with a low broom in front of a restaurant.
1091 young girl in blue dress sweeps sidewalk.
1092 A man in a dark green shirt uses a spray can to paint a dark-green wall with a short line of lighter green paint.
1092 A man sprays paint on a door frame of a door that has handcuffs hanging on the back of it.
1092 A man with a spray can sprays a green wall then turns to see someone watching him.
1092 A man in a black shirt sprays something from a spray can onto a green wall.
1092 A man wearing a black shirt and khaki pants sprays a spot of white paint on his graffiti and then steps back and admires the wall.
1093 A young man with blonde curly hair dressed in a blue T shirt and jeans climbs to the top of a rock formation in front of bare trees.
1093 A man in a blue tee shirt climbs up steep rocks.
1093 A young man scales some rocks outside and gets to the top.
1093 A curly-haired blonde young man scrambles to the top of a jumble of boulders and stands on top in a forested setting.
1093 A young man climbs up a wall outside and stands once he gets to the top.
1094 Two boys sitting by tree as one speaks to camera.
1094 Two white young boys are sitting next to a fence and a tree trunk while the green shirted boy with a cap talks.
1094 Outdoor sunlit scene, where two boys, one wearing a hat with Plantation Farm Camp in it, sit backed against door in tree and boy with hat talks.
1094 a boy in a green shirt sitting next to a boy in an orange shirt sitting in front of a tree talks to the camera
1094 A boy in a blue baseball cap speaks into the camera while sitting next to a boy in a striped shirt outside on a sunny day.
1095 The camera shows the view from a car as it drives through and exits a tunnel at night.
1095 A car rushes down the right lane of a lighted tunnel with Asiatic script on the pavement.
1095 A car rides through a tunnel with a car in front of it.
1095 From a view inside the windshield, a vehicle follows a car through a tunnel In China at night.
1095 A vehicle moves through a tunnel at night.
1096 Black middle aged man in black attire stands outdoors in heavy fog and whistles a tune.
1096 Black man whistling in the fog.
1096 a man in a clerical suit stands in a foggy atmosphere and whistles.
1096 Black man wearing black jacket sings in darkened room and fog and smoke swirl.
1096 An African American man is standing in a foggy room whistling.
1097 A man comes into a photographers room and sits in a seat in front of a black background.
1097 A bearded man walks into a room and sits down on a chair in an area defined by white matting, and crosses his legs.
1097 A bearded man walks into a studio and seats himself on a stool sitting at an angle to the camera.
1097 A bearded man in an indoor space sits on a stool and crosses his leg.
1097 In black and white, a man with a black bun and beard enters a photography studio and sits on a black stool against a white background
1098 Against black background, woman in two piece costume dances with much shoulder movement, as scene moves to 8 women in dresses of many colors twirl in line.
1098 a woman in black does some ballet moves and then the scene shifts to a group of women in dresses of many different colors dancing in unison
1098 A woman in black dances with a group of dancers in pastel colors on stage.
1098 Dancer in black dances as dancers with colorful costume dance.
1098 Tall woman in black outfit dances, followed by 8 dancers dancing in colorful dresses on a stage.
1099 A man in a Santa Claus suit holding a decorated staff talks to a person indoors.
1099 A brown haired man opens the door to find a man in a Santa costume holding a red and white sparkly walking stick.
1099 As a person opens a door to the outside, a man dressed like St. Nicholas with a staff and white beard and red fur-trimmed hat speaks.
1099 A person opens their front door to see another person dressed in costume as a beloved character of holiday folklore in the western world.
1099 A man opens a door and finds another man dressed as Santa Claus.
1100 A view of two bike riders fronting each other on a gravel road in the woods transitions to a close up of a bandaged knee.
1100 Bicyclists ride in sunlight on a wooded dirt road.
1100 2 cyclists pass each other on an incline in a wooded area.
1100 A wide dirt road shows one man riding up the wooded road and then another pedaling down the road in spring daylight.
1100 Two people riding bicycles pass each other on a bike path outside on a sunny day.
1101 In an outside setting among trees, white statues including a buddha sit as tourists take pictures.
1101 A woman takes pictures of statues of deities outside with her phone.
1101 A woman in a yellow dress is taking pictures of Asian statues outside surrounded by trees.
1101 A woman wearing Asian-style clothing is taking pictures of statues in an Oriental-style garden.
1101 A young woman with light brown long hair dressed in a yellow long dress takes photographs of a Thai figure sculpture in an outdoor sculpture garden.
1102 A bride and groom stand holding hands on a stone bridge in a green land setting over a lake.
1102 A man and woman , both dressed up in white clothes hold hands and sway together as they stand on a stone bridge.
1102 A newly married couple dressed in the wedding outfits stand on a bridge over water outside on a sunny day.
1102 A man in a white suit and a woman wearing a wedding gown stand on a stone bridge.
1102 A bride and groom, both in white, pose atop a stone arched bridge in the woods.
1103 Group of soccer players play soccer at an inside gym lit with artificial light.
1103 Young men playing soccer indoors in a gym.
1103 blue and green teams play indoor soccer on a basketball court
1103 A soccer game takes place in indoor gym, as one player kicks ball out of bounds.
1103 Two teams are playing a basketball game inside a gymnasium.
1104 Two men are fighting in a wrestling ring surrounded by spectators.
1104 In a boxing ring, two men wearing gloves fight and the one in the red, white and blue trunks repeatedly hits the man in black and white trunks.
1104 During a boxing match one fighter sustains a kick to the face and punches to the face.
1104 A kick boxer kicks and punches a second fighter in the boxing ring.
1104 In a video marked 'Fight', in a boxing ring, a man in blue Muay trunks and red gloves kicks a heavily tattooed man in black trunks and blue gloves.
1105 A group of performers participates in a stage production in a darkened venue.
1105 A group of performers reach up to the sky under a bright gold spotlight in a multifaceted performance on a stage in the round
1105 On a red-lighted stage in an Asian entertainment extravaganza, a group of 20 people raise their hands as a translucent square above them is lighted by different colors, and musicians on either sides of the stage play.
1105 A large group of people performs onstage.
1105 A group of dancers perform on a dark stage with lights.
1106 Along a fence, two young men in green T shirts, one sitting on and one standing on a construction barrier wall next to 6 red West End cans, are watching something.
1106 Two young men in black shorts and green tee shirts are on a wall, on which there are several cans with the brand name 'West End.'
1106 1 young man in black shots and green shirt sits on orange and white road block markers while another young man dressed the same way stands on the marker in front of a black chain link fence with 6 red beverage cans a small distance away from them
1106 The camera focuses on several red cans on an outside concrete barriers as two young men in dark green team t-shirts stare straight ahead, one man seated and one standing on the barrier.
1106 Two men in green shirts are sitting on a red and white barricade with a group of red cans outside on a cloudy day.
1107 a man wearing sunglasses and a shirt with a paisley print drinks from and recaps a bottle then leans on a table and stares at something in front of him
1107 Man wears sunglasses in darkened room, takes up a bottle, sips from it, wipes his mouth, replaces bottle on wooden surface.
1107 A man in sunglasses takes a sip of water from a bottle sitting at a table.
1107 White man with sunglasses sit indoors next to a table, picks up a bottle of water and drinks
1107 Young Asian man with short sleeve shirt over a black undershirt with dark sunglasses drinks from a bottle of water then puts the cap on the bottle and puts it down in front of him in what looks like a studio.
1108 Four black youth stand outside near leafless trees as man wearing hooded jacket rubs head of laughing you standing at his side.
1108 four men talk on a platform in a playground
1108 Four young African American men are standing around and talking near playground equipment on a playground on a sunny day.
1108 Four young black men standing in a playground
1108 Three black man and a Hispanic man stand in a playground outdoors while one black man pats the head of the hispanic man on a cloudy day.
1109 A bride and groom exchange a kiss in a room filled with people clapping.
1109 A dark-haired bride and groom kiss in a darkened indoor venue as people sing in the background.
1109 A dressed up man and woman kiss each other outdoors at night.
1109 A man in a tuxedo kisses a woman in a white dress outdoors at night.
1109 A bride and groom , both with black hair, share a long kiss in front of a black wall with white trim..
1110 Young man with dark glasses sings on a stage to a white audience inside a dark bar .
1110 Singer singing in a club as women dance behind him.
1110 a man in a shiny jacket walks around the stage singing as two women in cat costumes dance behind him
1110 Indoors, man sings into mike, bends, raises hand toward audience.
1110 A man is singing on a stage with two woman dancing on either side of him.
1111 a woman in a green coat and orange scarf gives directions to a woman in a red stocking hat
1111 Blond woman wearing glasses, coat, gloves and scarf around her neck, talks animatedly to another woman, wearing red hat, in an open area with people in background.
1111 A woman with an orange scarf talks to a woman in a red hat outside on a sunny day.
1111 White blonde woman speaks to another woman on a crowded fenced in area next to woods outdoors during daytime.
1111 Blond woman with glasses and green coat with a colorful scarf points away and speaks to another woman with a red wool hat and brown hair outside with two men in the back.
1112 A man in a white shirt walks outside with a pregnant woman.
1112 A balding man in a white shirt and a pregnant woman with black hair stroll on a lawn surrounded by evergreens as they caress her belly.
1112 In a woodland setting a couple walk on the grass and the man in a white shirt puts his hand on the woman's bump showing advanced pregnancy.
1112 A pregnant woman and woman and man walk in a garden and the man touches the woman's belly and she supports it with her arm.
1112 A man has his arm around a woman and is rubbing her pregnant stomach while walking outside.
1113 A young man demonstrates a product indoors in a residential home.
1113 A young man in a white apron stands behind a white table with a stove and microwave behind him and brings forward equipment that looks like a camera, called a 'tri-fly.'
1113 A man in a white apron demonstrates something put together and one not put together in a room.
1113 A man with brown hair in a black shirt wearing an 'ikan' apron conducts a demonstration of a sophisticated video tripod named the Tri-Fly.
1113 A man wearing an apron that says 'ikan' demonstrates some apparatus on an indoor table.
1114 As the sun peeks through the trees, two men cross a concrete footbridge over waterfall created by a small dam.
1114 Walkers cross a bridge over a flowing stream.
1114 A man and woman cross a low bridge in a wooded setting, taking a walk together.
1114 Two men in springtime walk over a bridge which underneath has water flowing from a higher level down to the lower level downstream.
1114 Two people are walking across a creek on a stone bridge on a sunny day.
1115 Men are running through the woods playing a game of paint ball on a sunny day.
1115 Men wearing different clothing and raising rifles with sights on them, race on grassy area through woods on both sides.
1115 men in combat gear with toy weapons run into a clearing in woods that has large things that could be used for shelter by the men
1115 Man with paint guns run in the woods.
1115 Group of men wearing fighting gears and gas masks are running around a clearing in the woods in daylight.
1116 A bride feeds her husband wedding cake then spears it over his face.
1116 A bride smears something onto the face of her new husband.
1116 A woman in white reaches toward the face of a man in white shirt with a bowtie hanging from the collar in a decorated, lighted venue, and he pushes her away when her hand swipes down his face.
1116 A bride with black hair smushes cake on a groom with black hair in a dark reception hall.
1116 A woman in a bridal gown smears probably cake on the face of a man with a white shirt and an unclipped bowtie.
1117 A car rides down a street passing people walking and sitting at tables on a sunny day.
1117 a dark car with white and yellow signage on the passenger side and a wide white license plate goes down a street with shops on the ground floor and apartments or offices on floors 2 - 4, passing two orange motorcycles on its right.
1117 Young trees line either side of paved road with 4-story brick and concrete buildings on one side and cars and a motorbike parked on shoulders and several people waking down sideway.
1117 Street lined with trees in a city on a sunny day, a blue car is driving by, people passing by, some seated in outdoor cafes, some pushing a stroller..
1117 Blue car passing 2 pedestrians near a shop on the street during the day.
1118 A woman in a light blue shirt moves back and forth and makes motions with her arms in a room with a brown wall.
1118 in front of a light brown wall made of vertical slats, a young woman sways from side to side and pretends to hold a mike
1118 Woman with long brown hair, stands inside against striped curtain background, swings from side to side making different hand gestures, including both hands over heart, and smiling.
1118 Young white woman with long brown hair sways and signs on a stage as she pretends to sing in front of a wooden wall.
1118 Young white woman with dark long hair and a blue shirt dances and makes hands movement in front of a brown wooden background.
1119 A man does a practice jumps using a parachute in an indoor facility.
1119 as friends watch from overhead, a man on a zip line jumps out of a third floor window and goes down the line until a parachute opens and he coasts into a landing area
1119 Inside tall 4-story building, man secured by ropes leaps from top balcony down as a parachute on his back opens.
1119 Person jumps down with a white parachute opening as he lands from an upper level of a huge exhibit hall, during the day while people are watching him from above.
1119 man jumps onto street with parachute
1120 A group of bicyclist gather in front of RV's outside on a sunny day.
1120 a group of bicyclists on a highway stop and dismount near white tents and support vans
1120 Large crowd of bikers travel up a paved road, under sunny blue skies, some stopping at large white tent type buildings.
1120 Group of cyclists are cycling or walking their bikes up a road surrounded by mountains on a bright sunny day.
1120 Bikers arrive at first aid station.
1121 A man in a straw hat talks to a bride sitting next to her husband at their wedding reception in a room with a picture on the wall.
1121 a man in a straw hat and white shirt has his hand on the shoulder of a blonde woman in a bridal dress that he talks to as a young man seated next to her smiles
1121 Man in vest and tie, and woman in strapless white dress, sit at table with vase of roses as man wearing hat, holding mike, places hand on woman's shoulder and talks into mike while smiling.
1121 Middle aged white man with a straw hat and a microphone in his hand, stands behind a white blonde bride who sits next to a white young man, in a hall next to a picture on the wall.
1121 Bearded man introducing bride as groom looks on.
1122 A man in a tan hat is talking in front of a colorful mural with lions drawn on it.
1122 A man with goatee, cap, t-shirt, and jacket talks in front of a neon colored painting of a jungle cat.
1122 A bearded man in a beige cap and beige jacket speaks in front of a psychedelic-colored wall outside.
1122 Standing in front of a multicolored lion mural, a graffiti artist with a salt and pepper goatee wearing a drivers cap hoodie, shares his experience.
1122 A man with a goatee and a grey cap stands in front of a colorful painting.
1123 A woman approaches a man and steps back then he pulls a picture frame from under his jacket outside on a cloudy day.
1123 in a downtown rooftop parking lot, a young man takes a framed photograph out of his jacket and hands it to a young woman
1123 Twilight scene with number of tall and medium buildings in back as man and woman face each other, woman lightly shoving man before he retrieves object from inside coat pocket and gives it to her.
1123 A young white woman and a young white men are standing in an empty parking lot while he hands her a picture frame, in daylight.
1123 Man shows picture to woman on a city street.
1124 A man in a white shirt is talking into a microphone then hands it to another man who picks up a music stand in a large room.
1124 two men set up a microphone and lectern in front of a large screen in an empty movie theater
1124 Indoors in a large auditorium with many empty seats, a white lit screen is at the front as two men meet at front and one man hands something to the other.
1124 Young white man standing inside an empty auditorium under a screen, hands over the microphone to another older white man.
1124 Two men walking toward each other in an empty movie theater and one gives the other something.
1125 A bride and groom walk down the aisle after exchanging their vow as their guests greet them outside on a sunny day.
1125 in a park among palm trees, a newly wedded couple walks through an aisle between smiling guests who throw white stuff at them
1125 Man in suit and woman in long white dress hold hands as they walk toward a white arch, with people standing on both sides, many throwing flower petals.
1125 Bride and groom are passing over a white arch while surrounded with white people watching and some take photos or throw flower petals at them in a garden setting outdoors.
1125 bride and man walking the isle in outdoor wedding.
1126 A young male model walks down a runway surrounded by an audience watching.
1126 A young man walks down and back up a white drop cloth in front of an audience who looks at him.
1126 A tall, thin young man walks down a fashion runway in front of onlookers in a large hall.
1126 A male model with light brown hair wearing a black jacket and urban camouflage baggy pants walks a white runway at a fashion show in a warehouse setting.
1126 A male model wearing dark clothing and sandals walks on a runway among spectators.
1127 A man stands on top of a wooden fixture and one is on the ground sawing a piece of wood outside on a sunny day.
1127 2 members of a 6 person construction crew work on a wooden beam outside on a cold day.
1127 On a scaffold of a building under construction, two men saw a piece of lumber as other workers stand around during the day.
1127 A man stands on a simple wooden structure and saws a board using a long handsaw with a man on the ground.
1127 Workmen do work at an outdoor work site while several men stand to one side.
1128 A group of young dancers are dancing outside while people are watching with a fire pit and lights hanging.
1128 Many young people dance to Latin music around a campfire with lights strung overhead.
1128 Darkened indoor stage area, music plays as many male and female participants move in rhythms.
1128 A party held outside in the dark illuminated by lamps showing people dancing to Latin music with a front line dancer in skinny tight jeans and a white top.
1128 dancers on the stage dance to latin music.
1129 People are sitting at a built in bar on a truck with lights riding in a parade at night.
1129 at night, people sitting along the side of a flatbed truck pedal as the truck moves slowly down a street
1129 Bus decorated with strings of multi-colored lights rolls slowly down darkened street.
1129 A vehicle with people pedaling it, passes by a festival in the dark at nighttime.
1129 A decorated float with a bar drives by.
1130 A black woman is interviewing a black man in a green and white shirt.
1130 A smiling young woman in a black dress and silver necklace interviews a smiling young man in a green striped polo shirt and green cap.
1130 A black man in a green and white striped polo shirt with a baseball hat is interviewed by a black reporter holding a microphone in a darkly-lighted setting.
1130 A black woman in a black dress from GNHH interviews a black man wearing a Bulls hat and a green and white Ralph Lauren shirt.
1130 A black woman with a microphone interviews a black man wearing a Bulls cap.
1131 A group of antique cars are lined up at a car show outside on a sunny day.
1131 A man driving a green antique car rides through a parking area where rare and antique vehicles are parked
1131 In a car park near a closed train station, an old dark green sports car travels the aisle among cars being inspected by attendees as one couple has the hood up on one car.
1131 Two people in an antique green convertible ride down the aisle of an outdoor antique car show , all of which with steering wheels on the right.
1131 People wander through an outdoor car show.
1132 A track hoe knocks down a large round cement pipe outside on a sunny day.
1132 A person operates a demolition vehicle to destroy a structure .
1132 A tractor with a powerful arm to scoop or transfer dirt crashes into a large circular structure which collapses on a grey day, with a row of one-story buildings in the background.
1132 A red bulldozer crushes a huge piece of concrete pipe and creates a big dust cloud
1132 An excavator smashes a section of concrete pipe at a site outdoors.
1133 Four people with flash lights open up a door in a dark room.
1133 on the landing of a staircase, a door opens and a woman shines a flashlight into a dark room as three accompanying men follow
1133 Four people shine flashlights into open and dark room.
1133 Four young people using flashlights are standing in a dark area next to. steps
1133 Young people enter a door as it opens.
1134 Two me in police officer hats stand next to each other talking.
1134 a man in a brown jacket over a black shirt and one in a wearing a light grey polo shirt, both wearing police caps and badges, talk to each other as they look as something they are holding
1134 Indoors, man with mustache and woman wearing a mustache, both wearing police type hats, stand with lips pursed, looking down.
1134 A young man and a young woman both wearing a mustache and a police cap stand side by side inside a room next to a door.
1134 A man in a brown jacket and a woman in a white top both fake mustaches and black with silver ribbon and badge police man hats pucker their lips.
1135 A video tape of a table full of photos.
1135 Black and white photographs are displayed in an exhibit.
1135 A table is covered with pictures of people in single portraits and also appears arranged on posters on the white wall.
1135 A table is literally covered with hundreds of photographs of victims of 9/11
1135 Yearbooks and pictures cover a tabletop in an interior room.
1136 Four men are sitting in chairs talking to each other in front of a gold wall in a room.
1136 4 men sit on stools in front of an orange and white interior wall as 1 of them speaks to the camera.
1136 Four men sit on chairs as the one with long hair and a beard talks for them in front of a display case.
1136 Four men dressed in casual clothing while sitting in a row of chairs discuss an experience.
1136 A bearded man wearing glasses and a green jacket, who is seated in a chair, speaks while three other men who are also seated listen.
1137 Boys and girls in yellow tops play a relay game outside on a sunny day.
1137 children, who wear t-shirts in various shades of yellow, stand in line in a fenced park when the first child, a girl, sprints toward the camera
1137 Several children stand in line on grass and first, a girl, runs off as next in line, a boy, holds up arm blocking next in line.
1137 Group of white children of all ages are standing in a fenced in yard and a little girl with pony tails runs ahead in daytime.
1137 Kids take turns running in the park.
1138 A woman in a red dress hands a man in a suit a trophy outside on a sunny day
1138 A woman presents a trophy to a man as another man and woman look on.
1138 In an Asian award ceremony a woman in a sleeveless red dress hands the trophy to the presenter in a shirt and tie, in front of an athlete on the stand.
1138 A young Asian woman in a red dress hands a trophy to a man in a suit for presentation to a race car driver.
1138 Asian woman in a red dress hands a trophy to a man in a suit.
1139 A group of men without shirts on pound on large drums in front of a brick building on a sunny day.
1139 Shirtless men in black overalls bang on large drums in front of a light brown building
1139 In outdoor courtyard on sunny day, three men wearing white headbands and black straps crisscrossed over bare backs, play drums.
1139 Three asian drummers are drumming in front of a building under blue skies at daytime while children are seated on the ground listening.
1139 Drummers, one shirtless with a white headband, drum in the street during daytime.
1140 A baby is picking something out of the grass outside on a sunny day.
1140 A little boy examines the grass.
1140 A young child crouches on the green grass near a seated woman in flip-flops, in a garden setting, and picks out individual blades of grass.
1140 A woman's foot in a white flip flop is seen close to a toddler with black hair picking through green grass.
1140 A youngster wearing shorts and a tee shirt is pulling a leaf of grass outside while an adult wearing sandals watches.
1141 A young boy approaches a window and opens it all the way and climbs in at night.
1141 the head of a man in old fashioned puffy white shirt, tall black boots, and a black vest appears behind an open window then he opens it more and crawls through it
1141 A night, shaggy haired boy peers out from partially open window then climbs out wearing black boots, white shirt and black vest.
1141 White man lifts a window and crawls under it into a dark room at night time
1141 Young white man with black hair white shirt and a black vest and black boots opens a window and climbs out of it along the wood siding house
1142 Three men are walking through the woods on a sunny day.
1142 three men hike down a path in an old pine forest
1142 Walking through woods, first man of three walks while looking at paper he holds in hand.
1142 White man walks in the woods looking at his notes in his hand, followed by 2 other man who also walking the woods in the forest during daytime.
1142 3 young men walk in the woods.
1143 A woman separates good berries from bad ones.
1143 A person wearing blue nail polish sorts fruit.
1143 A black-sweatered man uses his hands to pick out round red fruit (cherries or cranberries?) from a display at an outdoor market.
1143 A man wearing a black sweatshirt and blue jeans sorts through cranberries on a large screened tray.
1143 A person is sorting probably cherries.
1144 A man in an orange shirt sits in a chair in front of a building holding a set of crutches on a sunny day.
1144 a man in a bright orange shirt with a pair of crutches nearby sits in an upholstered orange chair looking out over a row of tulips
1144 Man wearing orange shirt with black strips crossing chest sits in chair with 2 crutches leaning at his side in front of lighted glass fronted building as bus passes on street in front of him.
1144 Young white man with orange shirt is sitting with crutches leaning on the window and looking out to the street, with a bus passing by.
1144 Man with crutches sits in front of flower bed on sidewalk in the evening.
1145 A man is playing an accordion while people are walking around him outside on a sunny day.
1145 A man plays the accordion outdoors on a sunny day as people walk in the same area.
1145 A brown-skinned older man in a blue baseball cap plays the accordion on a street as people walk in front of him.
1145 A man with gray hair, a gray shirt and a black cap is playing an accordion in a city plaza.
1145 On a sunny day, a man wearing a black cap plays an accordion on the street.
1146 Two women are sitting and having makeup applied to their faces.
1146 2 women sit in chairs and have makeup applied by other women.
1146 Two brown-skinned cosmeticians in a row apply makeup to a white woman with long hair and behind her a young dark-haired woman with upswept hair, inside a building.
1146 Two Asian women In a dressing area apply make up on two white women, one with dark brown hair and one with long red hair.
1146 A woman in black applies makeup to a blond woman's eyebrows.
1147 Two men wrestle as the referee stays close by and audience watch.
1147 2 men wrestle on a red mat as another man observes them and spectators watch.
1147 On a red platform, two men wearing black gloves wrestle as a referee watches and onlookers watch.
1147 In a Northwest Fighting video, a heavily tattooed wrestler in red and white trunks pins a wrestler in black trunks as the referee watches.
1147 Mixed martial arts fighters wrestle on the mat as the referee watches.
1148 A lady in a white shirt and glasses holds an object in her hand outside on a sunny day.
1148 a young man in a white t-shirt and sunglasses looks at something black he is holding in front of himself
1148 Woman wearing sunglasses sits holding object in her hands.
1148 Young white woman with sunglasses holds and looks at a camera in her hands.
1148 Young white woman with sunglasses and white top looking at her black device sitting next to a man with plaid black and white shirt outdoors.
1149 A little boy on a scooter and one on a bike go around in a circle playing outside on the sidewalk on a sunny day.
1149 A boy on a scooter and a boy on a bike play in a city park.
1149 Boys ride a scooter and a bicycle in a park within a town, and the road has squares in the pavement on a bright sunny day.
1149 A boy on a blue scooter and a young boy on a fluorescent yellow bicycle ride on a large paved area down the center of a green
1149 Boy in shorts and a blue tee shirt rides a bicycle in a park.
1150 An older women is smiling while dancing with a younger man in a room.
1150 a smiling grey-haired woman in a sparkly blue dress dances with a bearded young man in a white shirt and blue vest
1150 Older woman with short curly hair, wearing glasses and smiling, slow dances with man in white shirt and blue vest.
1150 Older white woman with glasses dances with a young man and smiles in a dance hall
1150 Couple dances as woman smiles.
1151 Red rose petals and on a cement outside.
1151 Rose petals are scattered on a masonry surface with the French word 'fin' meaning 'the end' shown on the screen.
1151 Red petals lie on stone squares as a woman sings voiceover and the word 'FIN' appears.
1151 The camera zooms in on a gray stone surface sprinkled with red rose petals.
1151 The word 'fin' appears in a scene with rose petals on a stone surface.
1152 A man with a backpack and walking poles is hiking down a hill outside on a sunny day.
1152 There is a brief flash of a hiker outdoors in a sunny dry climate with no vegetation and then a hiker is seen using walking poles to hike in a wooded area.
1152 On a woodland trail, a man in a red jacket and large back pack walks with two ski poles to aid him.
1152 A backpacker using hiking poles and wearing a cap, a red jacket and faded blue jeans is walking along a wooded mountain ridge.
1152 A hiker with a backpack and wearing a red jacket walks a trail through the woods.
1153 A man in a black wet suit windsurfs on a lake on a sunny day.
1153 A sailboarder sails along a body of water
1153 Man in wet suit and wearing helmet, holds on as he rides surf board with large sail through choppy waters.
1153 Man with mustache is wind surfing in a lake surrounded by trees on a cloudy day.
1153 Person on a sail board sailing across the lake
1154 A man in a blue jacket eats a hot dog while sitting in bleachers at a game.
1154 A man in the foreground of the shot eats a hot dog with mustard and ketchup at an outdoor venue in daylight while the woman in a seat a couple rows down also eats a hot dog.
1154 A man eats a hotdog with onions and mustard sitting in a lightly attended sports auditorium.
1154 A man with dark hair is sitting in a sports arena eating a hot dog with ketchup, mustard and onions
1154 A man seated in some sort of stadium takes a bite of a sandwich.
1155 A young woman adjusts her knee pads while sitting on the back of a car with the hatch up with another lady on a sunny day.
1155 Women put on protective sports equipment in the back of a van.
1155 In warm weather a young woman with a blue helmet sits on the back of an open SUV, next to another woman in pink with a 3rd woman in a white helmet facing the asphalt road where they are in a park-like setting.
1155 Two young Asian women sit on the back of a silver station wagon and put on protective gear for biking as another woman waits outside.
1155 An Asian woman with tattoos who is wearing a helmet and sunglasses puts on a knee pad while sitting on the tailgate of an SUV.
1156 A little Indian girl is praying in front of a row of candles.
1156 A child stands with an adult before a wall of lit candles with her eyes closed and hands up to her mouth pressed against each other.
1156 A southeast Asian girl with gold earrings and several gold bracelets holds her hands in prayer in front of 3 rows of lit candles as someone holds a white veil over her.
1156 A little Indian girl standing in front of a woman in a white sari prays in front of a wall of candles.
1156 A girl wearing gold bracelets prays in front of a display of candles.
1157 A man is talking while five other people are listening.
1157 a group of people holding microphones, one of whom is speaking, sit on a bench in front of a curved wall
1157 An indistinct person talks as four men sit in front of abstract painting of yellow pillars and doors and blue curved lines.
1157 Four young man and two young women are sitting indoors next to a window while two of them hold a microphone in daylight
1157 Four men and two women sit in a studio and talk.
1158 Two people are coming down on a ferris wheel on a sunny day.
1158 2 people are seen as they pass by the camera on a Ferris wheel as it goes around.
1158 A man and a woman sit in the yellow-painted seat of a gondola of a ferris wheel as it moves ground-ward.
1158 Two women wearing black and white print shirts are riding high in a yellow ferris wheel against a clear blue sky.
1158 Two persons descend in the seat of a carnival ride in daylight.
1159 A man paints a mural of a man wearing sunglasses on a wall inside a hallway.
1159 on a wall, a man paints a large picture of a mustached man in sunglasses
1159 Man works inside on painting of large male face while also seen in large mirror on the wall next to him.
1159 Man is placing touches on a huge image of a face drawn , inside above the sinks indoors.
1159 A male painter is painting red glasses on a male's portrait with a red doorway next to it.
1160 A wedding dress hangs near a tall window on a sunny day.
1160 a bridal gown is shown in front of a brightly lit window and then the back of a gown is shown being laced up
1160 Long white dress with beige bodice hands from hangar at window between beige drapes.
1160 A white dress is hanging on a hanger in the window with drapes on two sides on a cloudy day.
1160 A white brides gown is hanging in a sunny window and multiple hands help the bride close the back of the gown.
1161 A woman in a scarf plays a guitar outside on a sunny day.
1161 a woman standing above the camera plays the guitar and sings in front of a blue sky
1161 Blue jeaned woman stands elevated against cloudy sky and plays guitar and sings.
1161 Young white woman with long brown hair plays her guitar and sings outside against blue skies.
1161 Young white woman with long dark curly hair and a colorful scarf plays an acoustic guitar and sings outdoors at dusk.
1162 People are riding on a boat with colorful flags outside on a sunny day.
1162 A group of people look at the view from the boat they are on and there are 2 young women in the foreground, one of whom waves.
1162 On a ship with flags of many nations flapping in the breeze, a woman in white jacket stands in a line of tourists watching the sea and the shore.
1162 Approximately a dozen Asian people lining a narrow boat deck flying International flags, look out over sparkling waters at Green Mountains.
1162 A woman in a white blouse and a younger girl wearing a cap are standing at the rail of a boat on probably a river.
1163 People are sitting at a table and a man takes a sip of coffee.
1163 a man in a dark suit takes a sip of coffee as one of two men in white shirts at an office table talks
1163 Indoors, two boys sit at round table, papers in front of each, as boy with tie talks and motions and man with glasses sits and drinks from styrofoam cup.
1163 Two white young men in white shirts are sitting at a able talking to a man who is drinking from a cup, inside a room.
1163 Man drinks from cup as two men, one with white shirt and tie and one with white shirt no tie but with a s stack of papers in front of him.
1164 A man with a toothpick in his mouth holds his cellphone up to his ear and begins smiling in a store with shelves of food.
1164 A man with a toothpick in his mouth on his cell phone smiles and opens his eyes wider when he sees something out of camera range as he stands in a natural products store.
1164 A long-haired, bearded man in what looks like a store with organic bread and honey takes the cell phone he's been listening to and holds it out to another person.
1164 A man with long brown hair and a mustache talks on a cell phone with a toothpick in his mouth in a market.
1164 A bearded man talks on a cellphone in probably a store.
1165 A red and white helicopter hovers over a snowy area near a mountain on a sunny day.
1165 as it hovers low over a snowy maintain valley, two legs step out of an orange and white helicopter onto the landing ski
1165 Helicopter hovers over rocky and snowy field and mountain side on sunny day.
1165 Helicopter is hovering over a snow covered mountain in the daylight.
1165 Helicopter hovering over snow covered mountain.
1166 A stadium full of people are waving paper in excitement on a sunny day.
1166 The camera pans across the unmarked field of a very large crowded stadium in a downtown area
1166 On a sunny day, filled sports stadium with many fans waving banners and the phrase Irevor at top of stadium bulletin board.
1166 Hundreds of people in a big sport's arena with large green grass in the middle, waving their flags on a sunny day
1166 Crowd cheering and waving flags at a sports arena.
1167 A nuthatch leaves a suet bird feeder as a woodpecker arrives and a cardinal sits at an adjacent seed feeder hanging in bare trees
1167 birds eat at a bird feeder outdoors in a wooded area.
1167 Three birds enjoy a bird house and bird food on a sunny day.
1167 3 birds visit an outdoor bird feeder on a fall day.
1167 A crested bird eats from the bottom of a metal bird-feeder as several other birds fly in to peck at a bar of seeds hanging alongside the feeder.
1168 Man with bicycle passes a line of people getting into a yellow and blue tent.
1168 Group of people of mixed ages and sex are standing near a yellow tent outdoors during daylight.
1168 People are gathered around two tents outside on a sunny day.
1168 Outdoors under cloudy sky, people stand in line at yellow and blue open tent identified with British Royal Legion wording at top.
1168 people gather around a blue and yellow tent in an open area
1169 Young white woman with long brown hair shakes her hair loose standing next to a window overlooking a house during daytime.
1169 Woman lets hair down in front of balcony then turns head around.
1169 A woman in a white blouse shakes her loose while standing in front of a window.
1169 a woman in a white blouse stands in front of a window to a balcony shaking her long brown hair the turns to face the photographer
1169 Woman stands at door leading to outside, loosens her hair and shakes it loose, then looks back.
1170 A woman standing at a table opens a food container and prepares to scoop some of the contents into a soup tureen.
1170 A woman in a yellow print dress opens a tub of ricotta cheese and begins to spoon it into a large white bowl.
1170 A woman in a yellow dress opens a jar of sour cream an spoons it into a white pot.
1170 A woman in a brightly pattern yellow dress stands in front of a kitchen workstation and begins to spoon a large portion of sour cream into a large white4 tureen.
1170 A person wearing a tropical print dress opens a dairy container to add some of the product inside it to a tureen of soup which sits on a kitchen work surface in front of her.
1171 Young man performs difficult maneuvers on s skateboard in a park outdoors on a cloudy day.
1171 a skateboarder performing tricks as others look on in a skateboard playground.
1171 A person does tricks on a skate board at an outside skating arena.
1171 Kids play in a skateboard park as rock music plays in the background
1171 During twilight outdoors. skateboarder rolls and jumps on skateboard.
1172 A man wearing black is making a sandwich at an outdoor table.
1172 A brown skin man prepares a sandwich at a flat top grill full of fixings at an outdoor event.
1172 A man is cooking sausage and steak on a grill outside while people are standing around in a group.
1172 A dark-skinned man in black fills a bun with meat from an outside hot-table full of barbecue and long, rolled sausage as other black-clothed people watch.
1172 A man makes a grilled sandwich for a person who is first in line of a group waiting to get sandwiches.
1173 two white young boys are clapping and chanting outdoors in daytime.
1173 Children standing outside clapping hands.
1173 Boys are dancing and clapping their hands outside on a sunny day.
1173 two youths, one wearing a blue shirt and glasses, clap and jump rhythmically
1173 Two boys, the youngest one wears glasses, clap hands and bounce As they stand outside.
1174 In an outdoor market, a woman and man each hand a woman a long stem rose in a protective sleeve, one rainbow colored, and one red.
1174 A woman and a man wearing a plaid shirt hand bagged flowers to other persons.
1174 A woman in a white sweater hands someone two small batches of flowers outside on a sunny day.
1174 A female bags flowers for a customer at an outdoor flower stand with other people around her.
1174 A woman in an outdoor market wraps a cellophane wrapper around several flowers and hands it to a customer.
1175 Three male bakers wearing white are making bread in a kitchen.
1175 Three bakers dressed in white prepare trays of French country bread to put in a large oven.
1175 Three men bake bread in a kitchen with a large oven.
1175 Several men in white work in a large commercial kitchen readying trays of bread loaves to go into the ovens.
1175 3 professional bakers keep the baking going by loading the oven and lining up the next batch of loaves to go in.
1176 A black man in a white shirt and cap and a black woman with a head scarf are picking up something amid a crowd of other persons.
1176 Five African adults, three men and two women in traditional dress, stand together as one of the men drinks water from black ladle.
1176 A group of African men and women are walking around outside.
1176 In French-speaking Africa, men in baseball caps dance with women in bright headwraps.
1176 A group of people weave grasses and 1 person drinks from a ladle.
1177 Young boy skate boards over a railing next to a building on a sunny day.
1177 Skate boarder going up a rail and falling off and landing nicely..
1177 A boy in a green shirt rides his skateboard up on a railing and comes back own to the ground.
1177 a young man in a green t-shirt skateboards along a fence rail
1177 Skateboarder on board, jumps up for a brief ride on brass long post, in daytime outside with leafy tree in background.
1178 Two men in wheelchairs handle a basketball on a basketball court.
1178 Playing wheelchair basketball, a man in a gray sleeveless shirt passes the ball to a man in a green T shirt who prepares to take a shot
1178 Two men in wheelchairs are playing basketball on an indoor basketball court.
1178 Two men in wheelchairs play basketball in a gym.
1178 2 men in wheelchairs start to play basketball shots.
1179 Person holding a light towards a moving conveyor belt at night.
1179 Person holds a light in his hand as he looks out the window with curtains on a bright morning.
1179 A man is holding a light in one hand and a wrench in the other in a dark room.
1179 Male hand holds incandescent light with wire cover up to illuminate wall.
1179 a person shines a bright light while looking carefully at the floor
1180 Young white woman with glasses skis down a snow covered mountain and shakes a hand with a man
1180 Man on Skis high fives another downhill.
1180 A skier in a green jacket skis towards another man in the snow and give him five.
1180 a woman in a light green jacket completes a jump and coasts to a man in jeans and a dark jacket
1180 Man skis down modest snowy slope to stop in front of another man standing on skis and shakes his hand.
1181 A bearded man with tied back hair sitting at a restaurant bar thanks the bartender for a glass of beer as he takes a sip.
1181 A bearded man wearing a dark jacket is sitting at a bar and takes a drink from a glass of beer.
1181 A man behind a bar inside a restaurant raises a toast and takes a sip of beer.
1181 A red haired, bearded man sips a beer from a glass then raises his glass as he sits at an indoor bar with a female standing behind it and large chairs and people in the background.
1181 A bearded man with a pony-tail takes a sip from a glass of beer in a pub and thanks someone off-screen.
1182 The referee holds up the hand of a mixed martial arts fighter in the ring.
1182 A young woman hangs a medal around the neck of a bloodied teenage boy after a cage match.
1182 A referee holds up the hand of a winner as another person puts a medal around their neck.
1182 in a fighting ring in a gymnasium, a referee holds up the hand of the winning young man, and a young woman puts a medal on a ribbon over his head.
1182 An award is given inside the ring at a student boxing match.
1183 Fireworks on the street at night.
1183 Fireworks at night in a city lined with buildings as people are watching in a dark night.
1183 Fireworks are going off in the middle of a street surrounded by people watching at night.
1183 Single fireworks and a line of fiery works light up sky in front of large building, at night.
1183 fireworks go off over a street with onlookers lined up behind yellow portable fencing
1184 The camera zooms in on two wide concrete ramps at a what appears to be a large quarry.
1184 This is an outdoor daylight scene of a pool of water and a possible dam spillway.
1184 A video of a water drop off outside on a sunny day.
1184 A view across a body of murky water is seen on a clear, sunny day.
1184 Two broad concrete slides set beside each other in a high hill both end in a lake of water.
1185 A boxer with red boxing gloves is pummeling a boxer with blue gloves in the boxing arena.
1185 One black and one white young man are boxing in the boxing rink indoors, while one man holds a video camera.
1185 Two men in boxing ring are fighting while people are watching and a camera man is filming it.
1185 Two men, one white one black, are In a boxing ring as white man repeatedly hits other man.
1185 in the corner of a boxing ring, the boxer with red gloves pounds the one in blue gloves
1186 Two persons in jackets walk on a path through woods in daylight.
1186 A person in blue, a man in orange, and a woman in black and white walk by a sapling with yellow leaves against a backdrop of tall evergreens.
1186 Three people walk in the woods passing a tree with yellow leaves.
1186 A man in a red parka followed by a woman in a grey down jacket walk through a forest past a golden-leafed tree as light filters down on an autumn day.
1186 2 people hike a wooded area and one holds a bucket.
1187 Woman wearing glasses rises from her seat behind a desk and stands in front of a blackboard.
1187 A woman wearing a burgundy shirt and black tank seated at a desk in front of a chalk board stands as she interprets something.
1187 A woman wearing glasses is talking to someone in a classroom.
1187 A woman with blonde hair pulled back and dark glasses wearing a dark purple shirt sits at a table in front of a blackboard and then rises and starts speaking.
1187 A bespectacled woman wearing black shirt and burgundy over shirt talks as she sits in front of a blackboard and then stands up to speak to someone off camera.
1188 Silhouette of two women in a room against a window with curtains, in daylight .
1188 Two woman arrange items in a dark room with a bed near a window.
1188 Two women are getting something out of a closet that is near a large window in a room.
1188 two women talk to each other in front of brightly backlit lace curtains
1188 In unlit room, two women move about silhouetted against sheer curtains.
1189 Two birds trying to find some food in the snow
1189 Two pigeons eat as snow falls.
1189 Two pigeons are walking around looking for food outside on a cloudy day.
1189 two pigeons pick food from a snow covered sidewalk
1189 Two pigeons circle and peck through snow at ground.
1190 Blond middle aged woman with graying blond hair black top and white pants describes a pain as she points at the house with the wood siding and pumps her left hand.
1190 White woman with blonde hair points to a house with wooded fence on a sunny day
1190 A woman with gray hair speaks into the camera while standing next to a wooden gate outside on a sunny day.
1190 Blond woman stands outside beside a double fence next to house, talks and motions with both hands, then shoves one arm and fist forward.
1190 a woman in a black top stands in front of the wheelchair ramp of a brown house and gestures
1191 A shirtless skateboarder jumps over a fire hydrant on a city sidewalk.
1191 A man wearing no shirt and khaki pants skateboards down a city sidewalk in jumps a black fire hydrant.
1191 A shirtless man rides his skateboard down a street and jumps over a fire hydrant on a sunny day.
1191 A bare-chested young man on a skateboard travels down one street and turns, while flying over a fire hydrant, into another street at right angles, in a town in daylight.
1191 A skate boarder rides down a city street and he and the board go up in the air over a fire hydrant.
1192 A woman wearing a black leather jacket and black pants plays an electric keyboard outdoors.
1192 A woman in a black jacket plays keyboard for a singer holding a microphone.
1192 A woman plays an electric piano in a dark room.
1192 A person in a leather jacket plays a keyboard and the edge of another person is seen with the bottom of a microphone and its cord visible.
1192 A person in a black leather jacket (with a wedding ring) plays at an electric piano keyboard inside.
1193 A troupe of children wearing red, white, and black WCWMA uniforms demonstrates martial arts in a community parade on a city street
1193 A group of young martial arts students participating in a daylight parade walk on a city street while onlookers line the sides of the street.
1193 People outside on a sunny day are watching as a parade of small karate kids walk by.
1193 A childrens' boxing class marches in a parade and takes turns sparring with their teen age / young adult instructors as they march.
1193 Two grown men walk backward along a street of stores in a parade as young boys and girls take turns using martial arts skills against the men, as a band plays.
1194 White bearded man with a purple beanie and sunglasses with a red backpack looking at the view on a snow cap mountain on a cloudy windy day as another skier is ahead of him.
1194 A white man with a beard and mustache with a red backpack on his back, walks on a snowy mountain barren of trees on a very cloudy day.
1194 A man in snow gear walks on a snowy mountain in the daytime.
1194 Man wearing hat and sunglasses and carrying orange backpack moves nearer rocky snowy slope.
1194 a man takes a selfie panning from before him to behind him where there is a cross-country skier going away from him
1195 A surfer falls off his board as he rides a wave.
1195 A male surfer rides a wave until he flops over the front into the water.
1195 A person is surfing in the ocean and falls off a surf board on a sunny day.
1195 A surfer rides a wave to shore but then somersaults off the board.
1195 A surfer is riding a wave and then jumps off of his board.
1196 Bearded tennis player watches as another player hits the ball .
1196 Middle aged men are playing doubles tennis while another middle man with beard observes them near trees outdoors in daylight
1196 Two older men are tennis partners in a game of tennis outside on a sunny day.
1196 Outdoor tennis court and two men stand, one running up to hit ball back.
1196 a grey-bearded man in a dark blue sweat suit moves in to hit a tennis ball when his doubles partner makes the shot
1197 Man photographs a young white woman in an unfinished house in daytime.
1197 Photographer takes picture of a model in old brick building
1197 A photographer is taking pictures of a blond woman in an abandoned building with brick walls on a sunny day
1197 in q large brick-walled room, a model takes different poses as a photographer moves around taking pictures
1197 Man with large camera moves from spot to spot in large studio taking photos of woman who strikes various poses.
1198 We see a blonde woman's body with her lower half immersed in water in daylight.
1198 A young blonde white woman wearing a black sequin dress stands in the water outdoors at dusk and lifts her right hand out of the water holding something.
1198 A woman in an evening dress stands in water up to her hips outside.
1198 a woman in a bathing suit stands in waist deep water and lifts a burning thing up from in the water
1198 Woman stands almost waist deep in stream and lifts an object up from the water.
1199 A man gets up holding two bags and joins another man walking in the woods in the daytime.
1199 Two young white man, one balding with a knife in his hand, the other with a black hat who rises from sitting on the ground, are in a deep forest during daylight, carrying bags.
1199 Two men with bags in their hands are walking through the woods on a sunny day.
1199 A man wearing dark hat and shorts carries a bag on shoulder and another by hand as he and another man walk through forested area stopping sometimes to look at fauna.
1199 two men carrying bags, one wearing a bowler hat, blue shirt and tan pants, the other wearing dark shirt and pants, walk through a forest
1200 A young woman in a pale chiffon blouse seated at a cubicle with two monitors discusses benefits.
1200 A woman wearing a light colored blouse sits at a desk in an interior room and speaks to someone.
1200 A young woman sitting behind a desk speaks to someone in front of her.
1200 A dark haired sits behind a desk and speaks to someone off camera.
1200 A dark-haired woman sits inside a wrap-around desk with two computer monitors and talks to someone in front of her.
1201 Asian bride and groom bow to an elderly couple.
1201 Asian young bride and Asian young groom are bowing in front of an older Asian man and woman inside a room next to a window in daytime.
1201 A bride and groom sit in front an older couple in a room .
1201 Inside curtained window, Asian man and woman, who is dressed in bridal gown and veil, talk to older Asian man and woman, then both bow to older couple.
1201 The bride of an Asian couple in wedding clothes speaks and then she and the man bow to an older couple sitting across from them
1202 A bearded man in a striped shirt plays guitar and sings into a microphone while other members of his band play in an indoor music venue.
1202 A front man with brown frizzy hair and a brown striped shirt plays the guitar and speaks with two other band members in the background.
1202 A man on stage is singing while the other band members are performing.
1202 A man with a curly mop of red-brown hair sings and plays guitar in front of a microphone in an indoor entertainment with the accompaniment of a band.
1202 Musicians play together as one of them sings into the mic while shaking his hair and playing his guitar.
1203 Young white woman with glasses sits on a couch indoors in a room, works on her laptop and shuts it down.
1203 woman types on laptop sitting on sofa then slams laptop shut.
1203 A young woman in stripped pants types on her laptop then gets frustrated and closes the top while sitting on a sofa in a living room.
1203 a woman in an orange top and brightly striped pants sits on a couch with an animal print throw furiously typing on a laptop and frequently glancing to her upper right then slams the laptop shut
1203 Woman wearing casual orange top sits on sofa working on laptop often looking up to her right, puffing cheeks out, then slamming top down and raising hands.
1204 Bearded man speaks as a woman sits quiet next to him on the sofa .
1204 A young man with beard and mustache is talking, sitting next to a young woman under a large black and white artwork on the wall, indoors.
1204 A man in a blue shirt sits next to a woman and speaks into a camera.
1204 Sitting at indoor table with large black and white mural on wall behind, a man and woman sit and the man talks and gestulates.
1204 A man in a light blue shirt and an Asian woman in a grey and white top sit on a couch in front of a black and white painting as the man speaks.
1205 Approximately 100 adults wearing yellow vests are gathered on a sunny day in a city plaza lined with tall shade trees.
1205 People congregate in an urban park area in daylight.
1205 A group of men in yellow jackets stand in a group outside on a sunny day.
1205 A large group of people and their bicycles are in a city park.
1205 The camera pans over a tree-shaded path, ending with a group of people in yellow jackets near a bicycle parking lot.
1206 A woman holding a spatula mixes batter in a bowl with an electric mixer.
1206 A woman pushes down the beater of a KitchenAid stand mixer and continues beating a pale yellow batter
1206 Someone is using a kitchen aid mixer to stir batter in a mixing bowl.
1206 A woman pulls down the mixing blades over a bowl full of batter.
1206 A person is using an electric mixer to beat some ingredients together.
1207 A man with a helmet dressed in black pants and a black, orange, and green jacket snowboards indoors.
1207 A snowboarder goes over an obstacle and does a 360 degree turn in the air before landing in the snow.
1207 A person is snowboarding and does a couple of jumps in an indoor ski .
1207 A snowboarder rides through a course that has a roof over it.
1207 In a competition setting for snowboarding under a huge ceiling, a snowboarder hops up on a railing, turns around and lands safely on the snow in front of onlookers.
1208 Kid listening to another person then walk away from the fence as another kid brings a plastic and a cup in front of a house.
1208 Two young man facing each other, the younger a hispanic person shows displeasure, turns away and comes back with a white plastic bag which he places down outdoors near a building and trees in daylight.
1208 A young man in a plaid shirt comes with a bag of food and a drink then doesn't look happy when another guy is there an he walks off.
1208 High chain link fence is behind frowning boy facing taller man and boy departs returning to put package down near front of building.
1208 a young person sneers at someone talking to him and walks away in front of chain link fence sand then is seen putting a plastic bag of stuff on a bench also near the fences
1209 Young white man dressed in black practices with 2 swords decorated with flags in dark surroundings
1209 White man with short black hair dressed in black dancing with two long swords and red cloth on a dark stage.
1209 A person with a red cape swings a sword around on a stage in the dark.
1209 a man in black sword-dances with swords having orange cloths attached at the hilt
1209 Against black background, man dressed in black holds a sword with red flag at handle in each hand and slashes them around.
1210 A woman in a plaid shirt hugs another woman in an enclosed patio area.
1210 In a large indoor space with an organic feel, a young couple chats as a young woman approaches and warmly greets the young woman.
1210 Two women hug and kiss each other in front of an exhibit.
1210 A woman with long dark hair wearing a checked shirt approaches and hugs another woman in an outdoor exhibit area as a man looks on.
1210 A young man and young woman are talking in front of a sign when another young woman arrives and kisses and hugs the first young woman.
1211 A Spanish speaking coach Wearing a red and white team shirt with a Mexican flag on it speaks to a reporter as his young dressed in white students look on In a gym with many pictures on a white wall.
1211 Hispanic man in white and red shirt is talking while young hispanic people are seated in white uniforms inside a large room with images on the wall.
1211 A martial arts instructor speaks into the camera as his students sit very still on the floor.
1211 Man with dark hair, wearing red and white jacket with Olympic symbol on front, talks towards viewer in front of room with men and women dressed in white and sitting on floor in rows,
1211 a man in an orange and white jacket with an Olympics logo talks to a roomful of younger people in white robes
1212 Two men, one carrying a stool, approach a parked car in a garage area, and one opens the back door.
1212 Two Asian men exit a lit warehouse through strip curtains carrying a stool and a wood pole and walk toward a maroon car.
1212 A man walks through plastic strips with a yellow stool and places it in his car at night.
1212 Two men pass through vertical plastic strips at the exit of a store at night carrying a yellow stool and an unlit patio torch which they put into a car.
1212 2 men leave an industrial building at night to pack a stool and a piece of wooden sports equipment into the back of a car.
1213 Bearded young man with purple hair speaks in front of bicycle arena with 2 bicyclists on the rink and others on the sidelines outdoors during the day.
1213 Hispanic young man with beard and red shirt is talking in front of an enclosed area with bicyclists biking around in daylight.
1213 A man in a red shirt speaks into the camera outside near people riding their bicycles.
1213 Man with light beard and mustache stands talking with back turned to large cement play area in which some children ride bikes.
1213 a bearded man talks to the camera in front of a rink where boys are riding around aimlessly on bikes as more boys with bikes stand outside the rink
1214 Man in a cap and blue shirt is photographing a lake covered with flowers at daytime
1214 Man points camera at pond.
1214 A man in a baseball cap and a large camera takes photos of a lily pond outside on a sunny day.
1214 a man in a blue shirt focuses a tripod mounted camera on a lily pond below him and steps up to take pictures
1214 Seen from the rear, a man wearing a hat fiddles with a camera on a tripod in front of a lake filled with floating vegetation.
1215 Motorcycle follows a white car passing by a yellow house as a blue bus passes by during the day on the street.
1215 A car is driving on a road following a white pick-up truck, passing houses, gas station, shops and parked cars on a sunny day.
1215 Someone on a motorcycle rides along on a street with traffic in in front of him and coming towards him on a sunny day.
1215 Handlebars of motorbike move down city street with low buildings on either side past parked cars.
1215 a motorcyclist follows a white car down a street lined with shops
1216 A man with black hair wearing a denim jacket and jeans says a few words as he wakes up from a nap on a dark Gray sofa.
1216 A man in a denim jacket lies on a couch.
1216 A man in a blue jean jackets is talking in his sleep while laying on a sofa in a room.
1216 A young man napping on the couch talks in his sleep.
1216 A man in a jeans jacket lies sprawled against a sofa in a living room and says, 'They're fine.'
1217 A hispanic woman with long black hair wearing a turquoise print top is speaking in front of a short concrete wall painted with graffiti.
1217 Woman with black hair speaks on a city sidewalk.
1217 A woman is talking into a camera outside on a sunny day while people are walking around.
1217 A bespectacled, brown haired woman wearing a blue flowered garment stands outdoors talking in front of a low concrete wall with other people walking int he background.
1217 A woman with wire-rimmed glasses and long straight hair speaks to someone outside in front of a graffiti-covered concrete wall with an art installation--yellow horizontal lines and black waving strips vertically above.
1218 In an indoor setting, a young Asian-looking woman with her hair in a long braid speaks to another young woman who is seated on a cot while a man wearing a white vest that says 'Medecins Sans Frontieres' turns away.
1218 In a rudimentary medical facility, a woman with long black hair in a white vest listens to an adolescent South Asian girl sitting on a bed sharing her concerns about missing a lot of school, losing weight, and upcoming exams, as a middle aged man in a white vest passes by in the background.
1218 Two young Indian girls are speaking in their language to each other in a room.
1218 A woman with a long black braid and a sleeveless white shirt talks about a young woman seated on a white platform in front of a room divider.
1218 A girl sits on an examining table in a clinic where a female staff member talks to her.
1219 A man in a grey sweater photographs a woman wearing a white top and black jacket next to a paved road under a sign saying 'Great Ocean Road.'
1219 A young woman is photographing another at the entry arch of the Great Ocean Road.
1219 Two women are standing outside on the side of the road taking pictures of a statue.
1219 A man in a grey shirt takes a picture of a woman in white shirt and black sweater near an historical marker beside a paved road with a wooden overhead sign reading 'Great Ocean Road.'
1219 Tourists get ready to take a picture at a road called Great Ocean Road and a car drives through the shot carrying something on the roof that looks like a shark's fin as it goes through the shot.
1220 A couple holding hands walks by the water as the man shows the woman something in his hand.
1220 A man in a white shirt and a woman in a blue dress are walking slowly on the bridge when the man shows the girl a lock he holds in his hand
1220 A couple walks on the Bridge of Locks in Paris with a lock in their hand.
1220 White jacketed man hold woman's hand as the two walk toward a wooden rail topped fence where he opens his hand to show her something.
1220 there are neck-down views of a man in white and woman in a black and white dress walking up to a bridge railing where he shows her a small golden box
1221 Several in a group of young Asian people take photos of two dogs and a raccoon performing tricks outside a building.
1221 A group of people indoors watch a man feeding two dogs and a raccoon.
1221 Two dogs and a raccoon are begging while a group of women are videotaping inside a room.
1221 People record 2 dogs and a raccoon waiting for treats together.
1221 Asian youngsters sit outside in front of a store as someone gives food treats to two dogs and a raccoon.
1222 two men walking near hut as one speaks.
1222 White middle aged man walks behind a black man next to rails, and walks into a hut at daylight
1222 Two men in red shirts are walking and talking and go into a hut.
1222 White man follows black man, both wearing red shirts, around a grass hut following a path lined with vegetation as white man looks up and talks.
1222 a white man in an orange top follows a black man, also in an orange top, into a thatched hut, all the time talking to an overhead camera
1223 A teenage girl with a brown ponytail and glasses wearing a striped sweatshirt with a yellow decorative front is helped across a little stream.
1223 A woman wearing sunglasses accepts a hand to get up the bank next to a stream.
1223 A woman in a yellow and white shirt attempts to climb up a hill and someone helps her on a sunny day.
1223 A woman gets help getting onto a path during a hike.
1223 In a field, a young woman crosses a rocky path with a hand up from another person off screen
1224 Man rides bull in rodeo.
1224 Man rides in a rodeo on a cow outdoors in a rodeo rink during daytime meeting up with 2 other riders.
1224 A man rides a bucking horse in a rodeo as people watch outside on a sunny day..
1224 In dirt stadium under sunny sky, man rides bucking steer viewed by large audience in riser bleachers.
1224 at a rodeo, a man in a white hat and black clothes ride a calf toward two men on horseback ready to help him dismount
1225 Man stand in the middle of a river facing green shrubs, fishing in daylight.
1225 Man holding fishing pole in river .
1225 A man in a gray jacket is fishing in a pond outside on a sunny day.
1225 a man stands in a stream fly-fishing without success
1225 Man stands with fishing rod extended over running water. facing bank with green growth.
1226 Two racecars fight for position on a paved track.
1226 Two race cars covered with advertisements round the bend at a racetrack, number 3 just ahead of number 2.
1226 Two cars race on a racetrack in the daytime.
1226 On an outdoor speed track with onlookers two cars speed around a turn keeping their original order with number 2 second in line.
1226 2 race cars go around a sharp curve very close to each other.
1227 A group of young Asian men dressed in pink shorts, pink suspenders and pink bow ties, many wearing glasses, happily rush out onto a small street.
1227 A group of eight or ten Asian-looking youths, all dressed in white shirts, pink bowties, and pink shorts, hurries out into a road.
1227 A group of Asian men dressed in pink shorts and bow ties get up and start running in the same direction outside on a sunny day.
1227 A group of young men in pink and white shorts and suspenders outfits in a parking lot run towards the camera reaching and smiling.
1227 To background music, a crowd of Asian young men wearing white shirts with pink bowties and pink shorts stand and run toward the camera onto a street.
1228 A blonde woman with a white visor and sunglasses rides in the passenger seat and a man with sunglasses and a back facing cap rides in the back seat of a sun filled car.
1228 A blond woman and a bearded man, both wearing sunglasses, ride in a car.
1228 Three people are ridding inside of a car outside on a sunny day.
1228 At least 3 people ride in a car together.
1228 A car is driving past a bush-lined street with a woman with a white sun-shade in the passenger seat and a man in sunglasses leaning forward.
1229 A couple bows to the audience holding hands
1229 An Asian young woman in white wedding dress holds and kisses and Asian young man in a white hat while they bow during daytime in a big tent.
1229 A bride and groom take a bow then kiss as people in the room applaud.
1229 In large partially enclosed area, man wearing hat and white shirt greets, embraces and kisses woman with long dark hair, white dress and tiara who curtseys then laughingly while still holding his hand turns away.
1229 A young woman in a bridal gown and a young man in white shirt, black pants, and a straw hat walk throw a dimly lit hallway bowing, smiling and hugging along the way
1230 A man with a black ponytail, black trunks and shirt over his shoulder Is photographed and congratulated as he exits a competition area.
1230 Shirtless man in black shorts comes down steps and greets several other men on a platform.
1230 A shirtless man steps down onto the ground and joins a group of young men.
1230 A skate boarder is congratulated for an achievement.
1230 A tanned young man, with a shirt slung over his bare chest steps down into a room of well-wishers who hug and take pictures of him.
1231 A lizard crawls in the dirt.
1231 A small speckled lizard In the sun on dry soil opens his mouth, closes it, and walks away.
1231 A lizard walks across dirt outside on a sunny day.
1231 A brown lizard is almost invisible against a field covered with leaves and twigs until he moves his jaw and moves forward and off the screen.
1231 A lizard makes its way through some dry terrain.
1232 Soccer players wearing blue jerseys and black shorts spray champagne and dance and sing on the soccer field in celebration during the day.
1232 Men in blue uniforms are jumping and cheering on a soccer field under blue skies.
1232 A team of soccer plays show their excitement by jumping up and down and spraying champagne on the team members.
1232 On grassy field, group of men, most wearing blue team shirts and jump up and down, or sit on grass and raise while most raise arms and hands and jump around.
1232 a group of men and one young boy in blue athletic team uniforms jump up and down and cheer on a playing field as one of the athletes sprays champagne from a bottle
1233 Young white man stands in the river and builds a structure with rocks during sunlight.
1233 Young man with a baseball cap building stone towers in the fast flowing river during the day.
1233 A man standing in shallow rushing water picks up large rocks and stacks them on top of one another.
1233 a man struggles to lift rocks onto cairns in a stream and a few people float by on inner tubes
1233 Large balanced stones piled on each other line edge of rushing waters as a man stands in water and raises and examines a stone.
1234 Man in a wheelchair is moving ahead by turning the wheels of his wheels chair in a park as people watch him at evening hours.
1234 racer on a wheel chair in a wheel chair race.
1234 A man in a white shirt races in a wheel chair on a track outside with people watching on a sunny day.
1234 a man in a racing wheel chair pumps hard to cross a finish line and then eases up as some onlookers cheer
1234 man pumps wheels on his wheelchair going around outdoor track with watchers standing on the side, leafless trees lining edges.
1235 A blonde young white woman applying make-up on eye lids.
1235 Young blonde woman puts eye shadow on her eyelids inside a room against a white wall.
1235 Someone is applying makeup on a blonde woman's face.
1235 Hand holds cosmetic brush and brushes eye shadow on a blond woman's closed eye.
1235 a blonde woman applies eye makeup
1236 A woman with a brown ponytail, turquoise tank top and navy blue cropped pants scales a rocky mountainside high above the valley below.
1236 A female rock climber wearing sun glasses climbs a vertical rock face.
1236 A woman in a blue shirt is mountain climbing outside on a sunny day.
1236 A woman climbs rocks during the day.
1236 A young woman in a blue sleeveless blouse and climbs a rocky incline outside during the day.
1237 Legs of two people walking around, one in tennis shoes the other in white plastic boot like leg covering.
1237 A pair of legs wearing white boots is walking awkwardly as other legs with black and white tennis shoes walk behind.
1237 A person is walking in a pair of messed up white boots.
1237 only the feet of someone wearing white, high heeled boots limps along a damp sidewalk
1237 On damp pavement, person is walking in tall white boots turning ankles to almost walk on side of one foot.
1238 A man with a black cap, a purple shirt, and blue jeans plays guitar and sings to young children in front of walls covered with children's art.
1238 A man in a black cap plays guitar and sings to a group of children in a classroom.
1238 A man with a baseball cap on plays his guitar for a group of children sitting on the floor in a room with art on the walls.
1238 A man stands in front of children's art work and plays guitar and sings as the children sit as an audience.
1238 A man with a baseball cap plays a guitar and sings into a microphone to a group of seated children in the corner of a room with many children-drawn pictures
1239 An audience in an auditorium listens to recorded marching band music as a crew sets the stage for a band
1239 Members of a band, including a guitarist, are ion stage in a music venue.
1239 An audience is waiting for a group of musicians to set up to perform inside on a stage.
1239 An audience is waiting for a concert to start when a man runs across the area where 2 musicians are tuning up.
1239 In an auditorium, an audience sits in front of musicians preparing for a concert when a bald-headed man runs between the audience and the stage.
1240 A bearded man wearing a colorful cap begins to hang a painting.
1240 A bearded man in a print cap and striped shirt, all in red, and purple tones, hangs a brightly colored painting on a purple wall.
1240 A man in a pink hat is hanging a picture on the wall in a room.
1240 A bearded man wearing a flowered baseball cap, in a striped shirt, hangs a modern painting of a man on a maroon wall.
1240 A bearded man wearing a cap and striped shirt finishes using a tape measure and lifts a painting to be hung on a purple wall.
1241 Young asian man and other people stand around a round water fountain during the day.
1241 People of all ages are standing around a water fountain at a city square during the day.
1241 An Asian man in a baseball hat looks around in an open mall outside on a sunny day.
1241 Boy wearing red/white hat backwards stands in busy courtyard with stores down right side at large round fountain with multiple water spouts.
1241 people stand around a fountain in a plaza
1242 Man holding snake under tent.
1242 A young Forest Ranger in a wide hat and glasses holds up a large snake outdoors. in daylight
1242 A man in a hat is holding a snake in his hands outside on a sunny day.
1242 Hatted man wearing glasses stands under tent-like roof, holding snake in both hands.
1242 a red-bearded man in black shirt and hat holds a large snake
1243 Hispanic man with a beard stands in front of an open white van and draws on a white poster paper as another middle ages white man is watching during daylight.
1243 Man showing a map by a van to another man.
1243 A man standing near a white van with a drawing easel is showing another man sitting down a diagram.
1243 a man in a black jacket and jeans stands outside a white van and draws on a whiteboard and a woman wearing blue jacket and tight headscarf in a wheel chair watches
1243 Under black overhang, man stands next to van which has open side door and points to large white paper posted on standing easel as person sits some distance away watching.
1244 A shirtless man in a black hat and black pants walks around a pole on stage in front of a white screen showing his shadowy mirror image.
1244 Shirtless man in a hat walks around a pole in some sort of performance.
1244 A shirtless man walks around a black pole and an umbrella laying on a stage while an audience watches.
1244 A man performs by walking around a pole onstage using hat and umbrella as props while images are projected behind him, and an audience watches.
1244 A bare-chested man in a dark fedora stands up and walks around an opened umbrella lying on the floor against a white setting.
1245 Three persons exercise on the steps in an indoor athletic facility set up for volleyball.
1245 Three people are seen exercising on yellow steps in a large empty fieldhouse with two volleyball courts.
1245 Three people are exercising on steps in an empty stadium.
1245 In a huge inside sports stadium set up for volleyball, three athletes squat and stand as they climb the stairs.
1245 3 students exercise on the bleacher steps of an empty gym.
1246 Cows are running down the road during sunset outdoors.
1246 Herd of cows going down a street.
1246 A herd of cows crosses a street a dusk.
1246 a herd of cattle is driven around a corner past a low tan building in an arid climate
1246 Twilight as a herd of cattle cross road at side of a building.
1247 A young white woman with black curly hair a cream top black pants and tan boots sits on a tan chair holding a notepad and a remote control in a studio with a picture of a land mass and ocean on the screen.
1247 White woman wearing a small microphone and with a clipboard in her lap sits next to a large window, at an evening lights.
1247 A woman is sitting on a stage in a chair talking with something on a video monitor inside a room.
1247 Woman sits on chair holding remote control and papers against large screen showing island and water.
1247 a woman with a head mike in a white blouse and dark pants sits in an upholstered chair in front of part of a video screen and talks
1248 Nurse with black hair wearing a mask is taking care of a patient in a health care facility next to a window during the day.
1248 A health care worker walks around a patient bed wearing a face mask.
1248 A woman in a white doctors coats walks around a dental chair in a room with large windows.
1248 through the door to a treatment room, we see a dental technician walk past shelves of medical record files thru the open door and begin to work on a patient
1248 A female dentist appears at chairside in windowed office and bends toward chair.
1249 Four men, two carrying possible photography equipment, walk up a hill on a woodland path.
1249 Four men dressed in camouflage, three carrying equipment and one carrying a bag, walk up a small hill in a clearing surrounded by woods
1249 Four men wearing camouflage clothes and holding various things walk up a field during day time with trees in the background.
1249 Four men in military camouflage clothes carrying various tools climb a rock-strewn path on a hill from a forest clearing in daylight.
1249 4 soldiers in camo uniforms are seen walking up a hill toward the camera, carrying equipment.
1250 A team wearing blue shirts and a team wearing white shirts play bike polo on an asphalt rink.
1250 Helmeted men are playing bicycle polo on a paved surface outdoors.
1250 Men with helmets are riding bikes around holding a stick near a cement wall.
1250 Men on bicycles play a game with a mallet and a goal basket outdoors on a hard surface.
1250 Men in helmets play bicycle hockey in teams with blue or white shirts in an outside court.
1251 A woman wearing shorts and a blue top lifts an object off a young boy who is lying on a bed indoors.
1251 A young white woman with a frosted hair in a bun wearing a turquoise t-shirt and jean shorts is changing a brown haired white toddler boy's diaper as she helps him open a package of cut-out vehicles and a race car poster.
1251 A woman is holding a large poster and is unwrapping it while standing over a young boy lying down.
1251 A woman leans over a young boy on a bed and takes off the coating on a poster-sized picture as the boy pushes away the poster with his feet.
1251 A mom helps a toddler boy unwrap a present while he rests in his bed.
1252 A person is going on a go cart at an amusement park.
1252 Person with a blue helmet is driving a small car in a gated area outdoors designated for toy cars on a sunny day.
1252 A person drives a go kart on an obstacle course outside on a sunny day.
1252 Low motorized sled is driven up curving outdoor track between hill and fence.
1252 a person in a helmet drivers a wheel-less vehicle along a twisting path in an amusement park
1253 Two middle eastern men are meeting on a busy street lit by lamps with sidewalk vendors and shake hands at night time.
1253 Two young men one bearded with a black wool beanie hat the other with a beige jacket and black baseball cap meet on a street corner at night in Paris and shake hands.
1253 Two men walk towards each other and greet one another using hand slaps on a street at night.
1253 a man in a turban meets another man in a baseball cap and shake hands on a pedestrian only street corner
1253 Two men greet each other at city street corner in nighttime
1254 A big cricket is sitting on green vegetation and then flies away during daytime.
1254 A black beetle flies off a branch as another bug flies by on a green leafy plant.
1254 An insect sits on a leaf on a sunny day.
1254 a black beetle sitting on a stalk flies away
1254 Large black bug with yellow tips on antenna leaps from green leaves.
1255 Two white women, one with a shopping cart and the other with a plastic bag, talk together in a store aisle.
1255 In the electronics area of a big box store, a woman with a shopping cart is speaking to a store employee.
1255 Two women are talking to each other in a store.
1255 In a grocery store line, a woman in a purple jacket and hair in a bun talks with a woman with a grocery cart as a man stands watching
1255 2 women chat in a grocery store as one shops with a cart and 2 other people are seen in the background.
1256 A man in sunglasses spins atop some orange apparatus on a sunny day outdoors.
1256 A man dressed in blue wearing sunglasses holds one arm up and sings a note as he rotates on an orange disc in a skate park
1256 An older man sitting on an orange barrel spins around holding one up in a bent position.
1256 A man in blue shirt and pants sits yelling with one hand up in the air, on the red, revolving top of a sloped pedestal in a large circle in a woodland setting on a cloudy day.
1256 A man with sunglasses kneels on a rotating metal cylinder outdoors, and with 1 arm extended dramatically, sings as he rotates.
1257 White young woman with long brown hair and blue eyes stands with the lake behind her in daytime.
1257 Young blonde blue eyed white woman with white top looking at the camera than turns sideways with the ocean waves behind her,
1257 A young woman in a white shirt stands in front of the ocean looking into the camera.
1257 in front of the ocean, he wind blows the hair of a woman wearing a sleeveless white top as she turns to her right after facing the camera
1257 Woman with long hair blowing in the wind poses then turns in profile, against ocean view.
1258 A glass of red Quail Oak wine is poured for a young woman with long brown hair wearing a pink bikini and green nail polish.
1258 Someone pours a glass of wine for a woman wearing a pink bathing suit.
1258 A woman in a pink bathing suit bends down and picks up a glass and someone pours white wine it in outside in a pool.
1258 A dark haired woman in a pink bathing smiles when someone pours red wine into her glass for her as she stands by a pool.
1258 A dark-haired woman in a pink bikini stands in front of water and holds out her wineglass and it is filled and she smiles.
1259 Man applies something on a woman's face.
1259 Young Asian man with a brown apron places an object on a young Asian woman's forehead next to a wall.
1259 A man in a tan apron places something near the forehead of a woman sitting in front of him inside a room.
1259 In a white paneled room, a woman sits as a man wearing a long apron puts something up to her forehead.
1259 a young Asian man in a white t-shirt and tan apron places something on the forehead of a young woman
1260 Middle ages balding man sits and holds up a drawing and holds 2 brushes in a room inside a room next to a desk with more brushes and a pair of scissors.
1260 Middle age Indian man with yellow shirt and black pants sitting next to green cabinets showing drawings and holding paint brushes in a room.
1260 A man in a yellow shirt holds up a drawing he just did in one hand and a paint brush in the other inside a room with a green cabinet.
1260 a man in a yellow shirt holding two artist's paintbrushes holds up a drawing he made
1260 Sitting man holds brushes in one hand and with the other raises a painted picture and shows it to the viewer.
1261 People on both sides of a trail bike track on a sunny day watch as bike #35 with a rider dressed in red white and blue and bright blue shoes races by.
1261 A helmeted bicycle racer rides down a dirt path on an outdoor course.
1261 A man on a dirt bike rides past spectators on an obstacle course outside on a sunny day.
1261 A bicyclist rides along a course among spectators.
1261 Bystanders behind lines defining a bicycle track observe as a bicycle rider pedals by in a competition.
1262 A young white man in a blue shirt is talking to an unknown person indoors, and he stops and covers his face with his hand.
1262 A young white man with brown hair wearing a wedding band reacts to someone by laughing and putting his hand over his face.
1262 A man in a room wearing a blue shirt is talking to someone in front of him.
1262 A man with dark hair sits in front of a many-paneled window, across from someone, and as he stares he shows surprise, laughs, then covers his face and says, 'Oh, my god.'
1262 A man sits in front of a window with vertical blinds and talks to another person who has their back to the camera.
1263 A black woman attempts to climb up rocks in an outdoor area.
1263 A young Asian woman in a ponytail climbs on a rock formation over several mats on the ground.
1263 A woman is rock climbing outside on a sunny day.
1263 A dark-haired woman in an autumn forest tries to find a way to climb up an almost horizontal rock, with some padding laid out on the ground below her.
1263 A woman practices scaling a rock face from beneath with a mat to soften the impact should she fall the short distance to the ground.
1264 Young man with beard wearing a red shirt stands next to a piano as he moves the piano bench out of the way inside a room with brick walls.
1264 Male pianist with red shirt and long hair gets up and moves his bench as the crowd applauds in a small cafe.
1264 A man with long hair gets up from a piano after performing in front of an audience in a club setting.
1264 a cafe audience claps as a bearded man in an orange shirt moves things near a piano and adjust the bench
1264 Two of 4 people clap in small audience sitting in rocky walled room as shaggy haired man rises from piano.
1265 Sitting in front of both a brick and a blue wall, two guitarists, a bassist, and two percussionists, one on drums and one with clackers, play music.
1265 A band plays in an indoor music venue.
1265 Men are playing string instruments inside near a brick wall.
1265 Musicians play together indoors.
1265 A band playing guitars, bass, and drums plays inside against a brick wall joining a blue wall.
1266 Young couple walks buy at an art exhibit with many paintings and trees in the background during daylight.
1266 A couple and a man with white tea shirt and shorts are walking through an art fair outdoors at dusk.
1266 A couple walks in an area where pieces of artwork is displayed outside on a sunny day.
1266 a couple walks into a street art display
1266 Three people walk slowly through outdoor exhibit of large panels of artwork.
1267 A man brushes his hair back with his hands in a rocky outdoor area.
1267 A white man in a black T shirt standing in front of a stone mountain pushes his brown hair back with both hands and closes his eyes
1267 A man in a black tee shirt holds his hands over his face then pulls his hair back outside on a sunny breezy day.
1267 A man standing in front of a mountain pulls back his longish hair with both hands and then suddenly rushes forward and past the camera.
1267 A man standing in front of mountains smooths his hair, closes his eyes, and notices the breeze blowing over him.
1268 A teenage boy with brown hair wearing a blue shirt plays Ghostbusters outdoors on a red electric keyboard shaped like a guitar.
1268 A boy in a blue shirt is holding and playing a keyboard instrument outside.
1268 A young boy is singing and playing a guitar outside on a sunny day.
1268 A heavy set boy sings and plays an instrument outdoors.
1268 A pre-teenager boy in a blue shirt sings and plays a piano keyboard that looks like a guitar outside in a fall setting near a house with leafless trees around.
1269 Man uncovering a piece of art in gallery.
1269 White man stands on a ladder and uncovers a blue plastic covering on an artwork on the white wall inside an exhibit hall.
1269 A man standing on a ladder removes blue cover from a large wall mirror in a room with white walls.
1269 Man stands on yellow ladder removing blue saran wrapping from large painting on white wall.
1269 a man takes blue plastic covering of a painting in a gallery
1270 Young white man with blond hair and a beard is standing at the beach holding up a surfboard while someone places a colorful decorative chain on his neck for a few seconds outdoors in daylight.
1270 man standing on a beach on a cloudy day showing off his surfboard as another man places a hula dancer flower ring around his neck.
1270 A man in a black wet suit stands next to a yellow surf board he is holding up straight and someone comes and tries to put something colorful around his neck.
1270 a young blonde man wearing a black wet suit stands holding a yellow surfboard as someone throws part of a lei around his neck and quickly pulls it away, causing the young man to laugh
1270 Bond haired man holds end of surf board standing in sand on sunny day at beach when someone puts a multi colored lea over his head which he shrugs off.
1271 A white man in the air wearing a black helmet releases a red parachute over a snowy mountain peak and a bay during the day.
1271 Man sits on part of a flying object is about to release himself as a parachute opens up in the air above snowy mountains, trees and the sea.
1271 A sky diver holds onto a stick and releases a parachute in the sky.
1271 Man wearing helmet hangs a great distance above snowy treed vista when pole from which he hangs releases him and unfolding parachute.
1271 a man hangs under a black bag under the arm of a crane then pulls a cord and falls under an opening parachute into a deep valley in a pine forest
1272 A woman in a white jacket falls down in the middle of a road.
1272 A young woman with a white jacket and black leggings collapses down over a yellow line on a quiet road through the woods.
1272 A person in a white shirt is standing in the middle of the road and falls to the ground.
1272 On a two-lane asphalt road through a wooded setting in spring, a young woman jumps up and falls down on the road in broad daylight.
1272 A young female falls down on a double stripe road in a wooded area.
1273 A dark red dress worn by a twirling model is the focal point of an otherwise black-and-white video.
1273 A woman modeling a red dress indoors spins about.
1273 A woman in a crimson dress poses and twirls in front of a white wall with drawers in it.
1273 A woman with her hair pulled back austerely pirouettes in a sleeveless red dress in front of a white background.
1273 A woman in a burgundy dress is twirling around in a room with a white wall.
1274 A man in shorts and a white helmet prepare fireworks as other fireworks go off in the street around him.
1274 On a street lined with large topiary trees and strung with thousands of firecrackers, a man in a white helmet lights them.
1274 A man stands beneath a lattice of hanging fireworks strips between two buildings on a street for a neighborhood celebration.
1274 A construction worker puts down his lighter while checking an orange streamer at a construction site in a city.
1274 A construction man is checking something hanging as small explosions are going off
1275 People walking by on a busy city street with shops, some taking photos.
1275 People taking pictures in street
1275 people, many of whom are holding cameras over their heads walk down a street in front of shops
1275 People wearing jackets use cameras as they walk down sidewalk past buildings.
1275 A crowd of people are walking down the street holding their phones up on a sunny day.
1276 A young boy jumps into an inner tube in front of a mirror which shows his reflection outside on a sunny day.
1276 A boy in swim trunks steps from the side of a pool into a rubber tube float in a long pool with 2 mirrors making it look like the pool continues under a bridge.
1276 A boy flops out of an inner tube in a pool with 1 mirrored wall.
1276 A boy jumps onto an innertube in an outdoor swimming pool but falls off.
1276 A teenager with black hair jumps onto an inner tube in a mirrored pool and then flips over.
1277 White hand holds small gun, presses trigger, releases trigger. lowers gun.
1277 A hand holds a revolver and cocks it while static sounds are heard in the background.
1277 Someone holds a silver gun in their hand and pulls the trigger.
1277 Person holding a silver pistol, squeezing the trigger in a garden.
1277 A silver revolver held by a hand is being fired and lowered outdoors in the dark.
1278 A man walks around a sports car toward a house while carrying a portfolio.
1278 A tall thin dark-haired man wearing a jacket exits a sports car parked near residential buildings and walks away carrying a balalaika.
1278 A man holds a bag in his hand as he walks around a car outside on a sunny day.
1278 A young man carrying a stringed instrument walks behind a small brown car across a driveway along large shrubbery toward a house.
1278 A man wearing black pants and a jacket walks from a sports car toward the front of a house.
1279 Two men ,one with large hat look at the statue and another taking a picture as a woman looks at them with a head cover on.
1279 Group of Tourists are passing and watching a sphynx in the desert during daylight
1279 On a sunny day, two men, one with camera, stand and view the Sphinx, in Egypt.
1279 a group of tourists walk toward the sphinx as a smiling woman in a black headscarf faces them
1279 A woman is having her picture taken in front of a large statue in the daytime.
1280 Young white man with curly blonde hair sits on a bench with behind him a young boy, and a young girl at daylight.
1280 Young white man with a mullet hair cut beard and a mustache wearing a gray leather jacket sits on the bleachers speaking to the camera as a young woman looks on with a blue hat advertising CKR.
1280 a balding, curly haired man in a black jacket sits in some tiered seats and talks through a head mike to someone to his left
1280 White man with curly hair on top of head, wears small ear mike and talks and smiles while sitting on long seat inside.
1280 A blonde man talks while his is sitting on a cement bench with a little boy behind him outside on a sunny day
1281 A couple sit in their living room dressed in jeans with the man wearing a sweatshirt of the 'Monroe County Deputy Sheriffs Association' and a baseball cap
1281 A casually dressed man and woman are seen sitting with a TV in the background to their right.
1281 A man and a woman are sitting in a room talking to someone.
1281 A woman and a man wearing a cap and a sweatshirt with the wording ' Monroe County Deputy Sheriffs' Association' sit on a couch in an interior room.
1281 A man in a navy blue Monroe County Sheriff sweatshirt holding a beverage and a woman with long hair in a brown sweater and blue jeans converse with someone not visible
1282 People gather at a cove near a small mountain on the beach on a sunny day.
1282 Forested curved island with rocky shore and some beach as some people wade in shallows.
1282 an aerial camera flies over a beach on a tree covered island cliff edged beach where people are playing in the sand and a few outrigger boats float idly
1282 A rocky tropical island with trees on top of the rocks on a cloudy day with a boat unloading tourists.
1282 People and a boat on a rocky beach near green hills on a hazy day.
1283 Two women in black, one blonde with a red print scarf and one with a dark pony tail, converse at a white anchor desk in a TV studio.
1283 Two women seated at a desk speak to each other in possibly a television studio.
1283 2 women talk while sitting at a white desk in front of a screen with something projected on it.
1283 A dark-haired woman speaks to a blond woman sitting around the curve of a TV announcers' desk with a large screen showing information behind the dark-haired woman.
1283 A woman in a red scarf talks to a woman sitting across from her at a large table in a room.
1284 A bullet shoots toward a tracked armored vehicle and blows it up leaving a man standing as if he had just hurled something at the tank in the mid-ground near the tank
1284 Two columns of smoke rise in distance as a missile shoots over rough terrain, exploding when it hits an object.
1284 A missile flies across land and hits a building and it explodes
1284 A rocket hits a tank in the battlefield at nighttime exploding in fire.
1284 A cannon shell flies towards a tank and hits it and the tank explodes in a dark battlefield.
1285 Two geese move heads up and down over three goslings outside on bare earth.
1285 two adult geese bob up and down toward three chicks in the yard of a pen
1285 Two large ducks interact with some baby ducks.
1285 Two white with black striped head geese tend to their three yellow chicks in the pen next to their wooden shelter.
1285 Three big birds with black and white colors stand around three little yellow chicks in dirt next to a door,
1286 A small white plane approaches a city below as the pilot is in radio contact and getting directions.
1286 A small plane is flying with a view of the land far below.
1286 A small white propeller plane flies in the sky on a sunny day.
1286 A white light plane flies above an urban area in daylight.
1286 A small white propeller plane flies at an altitude of 1211 meters over a developed area on a clear day.
1287 Lawrence Fishburne speaks into a microphone in front of a Target display.
1287 Black man in suit and tie holds paper in his hand and looks up to say something into a floor mike, in front of large white wall on which are painted red target circles.
1287 a gap-toothed black man in a dark suit reads through a mike to an audience as he stands in front of panels with red and white bulls eyes
1287 A gap toothed young black man with a blue suite reads to the microphone as the wall behind him shows the red and white Target logos.
1287 Black man with a missing tooth talks into a microphone, standing in front of a big white sheet with red target designs.
1288 A white man sits on the side of an inside pool with pedals in his hand while two other white men are in the pool, one sitting in a canoe, the other stretching.
1288 Man holding paddle by pool. instructing how to row.
1288 a man in blue and grey sits on the edge of a swimming pool then a man in black sits on another edge of the pool with a kayak paddle then the man in blue gestures to the man in black, now in the kayak on how to row
1288 At indoor swimming pool, two different men give instructions, one demonstrating use of padels, the next talking to a canoeist in pool.
1288 A man in a black shirt is practicing paddling a canoe in a swimming pool.
1289 A person playing a bongo-like drum plays in front of two burning candles in a darkened area.
1289 A black man in a white shirt and black shorts sits on the floor by 2 candles and beats a drum and chants with others.
1289 With tribal chanting in the background a black man beats a drum rhythmically at night with a candle and a soda bottle in front of him
1289 A person drums by candlelight with some bottled drinks on the floor in front of them.
1289 A person is beating a drum in front of candles outside at night.
1290 A shirtless man is walking around holding a tray of Heineken beer outside on a sunny day.
1290 A well-muscled bare-chested man carries plastic cups of beer on a tray in an outdoor setting with people walking and standing on a paved street in town.
1290 A shirtless muscular man with a star painted on his upper chest carries 5 cups of liquid on a tray among people at an outdoor gathering on a street.
1290 A shirtless man carries a tray of beers on an outside street.
1290 A shirtless tattooed man carries 4 cups of Heineken beer at a street festival.
1291 a man in a striped shirt lies in a bed singing as the bed rotates
1291 Man wearing glasses and with dark tousled hair, hold a fist to his head as view circles over him in bed.
1291 A man with glasses on lays on a bed wrapped in a white sheet.
1291 Hispanic man laying on a bed with white clothing and white bed sheets as the camera circles around him indoors.
1291 Man with glasses on a spinning bed.
1292 A young Male Skateboarder dressed in black and with big goggles going down the path in the park with both hands in his pocket and people sitting on the grass watching him.
1292 Young Hispanic man with sunglasses is skate boarding on a sidewalk next to a park on a winter day.
1292 Boy 'walks' by putting one foot in front of the other on skateboard rolling down bricked sidewalk next to grassy park with bare trees.
1292 a man skates along a paved path next to a park
1292 A man in a baseball cap skateboards down a road on a sunny day.
1293 AS a train comes to a stop the door opens and some men get off.
1293 Five people, several with backpacks and luggage, exit open doors of subway train towards sign saying Park Street.
1293 several people, dressed in various shades of grey exit a subway car
1293 Five men get off a train.
1293 Door to the subway opens and several people of different ages exit.
1294 A little elf dances as he watches Santa Claus in a living room-dining room with a Christmas tree.
1294 A man dressed as a folkloric character dances for joy when he spies holiday decor right before the image of a much beloved folkloric character is seen on the screen.
1294 A man dressed as Santa is sitting in a living room and a person dressed like an elf peaks around the corner.
1294 A man in a Santa Claus suit stands next to a lighted Christmas tree, and a person in an elf costume dances in an interior doorway.
1294 Santas helper is seen peeking around a corner into a dining room set for Christmas as Santa is seen by the tree
1295 A group of people is learning pantomime techniques.
1295 A group of young women against a wall with pictures on it (in a lighted room) start wriggling as a male instructor gives them an order.
1295 Women are lined up along a wall in a large room making movements as someone stands in front of them
1295 A class of approximately a dozen women and one man in a line along a studio wall with two instructors giggle as they perform a movement.
1295 A man in a white tee shirt and a woman in a black dress watch a group of women who are practicing something in an interior space.
1296 Firefighters walk around two fire trucks in an outdoor parking lot.
1296 From an overhead view, firemen in yellow helmets stand near two fire trucks parked outside a red and white building.
1296 Two firetrucks with firemen in gear beside them stand in front of several multi-story buildings (tan, orange and white) near a road in a neighborhood.
1296 seen from overhead, 2 fire trucks park in front of a hospital and some firefighters speak to each other while others stand still and don't speak.
1296 Firemen are standing around two fire trucks in front of a large building outside on a sunny day.
1297 In a courtyard fenced on one side by unfinished upright boards, a bikini clad woman gets into a large orange bowl which serves as a still pool.
1297 a woman n a black bikini climbs into an orange hot tub to join two men and others stand around and chat
1297 A woman joins to other people in an orange pool on a patio with other people watching outside on a sunny day.
1297 Woman joining couple holding drinks in an outdoor tub .
1297 Young white people sitting in a hot tub drinking beer while a young white woman wearing a bikini enters the tub outdoors during daylight.
1298 A man is approaching and walking beside a herd of sheep.
1298 A man wearing a cap walks alongside and into a large flock of sheep.
1298 A shepherd and herd dog stand among a flock of sheep either early int he morning or right before nightfall because it doesn't look bright outside.
1298 A man in dark clothing walks toward a herd of sheep at probably evening time.
1298 A man and two dogs stand by as a herd of sheep pass by in a pasture.
1299 White young man in a red jacket and sun goggles is sliding down a snow covered mountain, followed by another man in a blue jacket also sliding down the mountain under blue skies.
1299 Man going down a ski slope fast.
1299 a man in an orange and brown ski jacket holds an unmoving pole in his left hand and skis down a hill in front of another skier
1299 Man wearing white helmet and blue glasses and orange padded suit, goes down snowy hill under blue sky.
1299 A man in a red snow suit is holding onto a pole skiing down a hill on a sunny day.
1300 A man and woman dressed in bicyclist clothing celebrate at an observation point overlooking a vast mountain range.
1300 A man and a woman stand among three monuments in a clearing in the mountains.
1300 Hikers are looking at information at the summit of the trail they took on a sunny day with a clear sky..
1300 A woman in a blue kerchief and a man in a white jacket and helmet stand beside three stone chest-high pillars with a picture on the top, in a mountain setting on a blue-sky day
1300 Two people dressed in athletic wear show excitement while standing at three statues outside on a mountain on a sunny day.
1301 Two skydivers descend holding hands in a clear blue sky.
1301 Two skydivers, one wearing white and one wearing blue and white, hold hands as they freefall in the sun on a partly cloudy day.
1301 Two people fall to earth after dropping, perhaps from a plane, and their parachutes have not opened yet.
1301 2 sky divers hold hands in the sky before opening their chutes.
1301 Two men are skydiving outside on a sunny day.
1302 a two women fully clothed in black lie in an empty bathtub as one sings into a movable shower head
1302 Woman leans against another woman crouched behind her in empty bath tub as she hold a shower head and raised hand up as he talks.
1302 Two people fully clothed are in a bathtub and the woman uses the shower head as a pretend microphone.
1302 Two young women, one is laying in a bathtub, holding a shower head, the other leans over to look at her cellphone inside a bathroom.
1302 Two young Asian woman with long black hair sit and lay in the tub dressed in black as one is singing into the shower head and raising her hand and the other is typing on her smart phone.
1303 A man in a black cap, bright Hawaiian shirt, and jeans sits on a skateboard with his hands straight up and rides it down a concrete grade till he stops in the grass
1303 A man in a black cap lying on a skateboard runs off the paved area in a park.
1303 A boy in tropical shirt, black cap, and board shorts, rides his skateboard on his back crunched so he can see where he's going, until his board is stopped by the grass.
1303 A man in a brightly colored shirt and a black baseball cap sits on a skateboard on a skateboard playground as the board slowly drifts off the pavement onto a green field.
1303 An old man in a multicolored shirt and black hat lies on a skateboard to ride it during the day and stops when he reaches the grass.
1304 A woman in pink attire walks alongside a wall with writing on it in a large room.
1304 With music playing in the background, a woman with a red shawl and white dress and pantaloons walks along a wall with advertising for a university inside.
1304 A woman demonstrates a dance sequence in a classroom.
1304 Woman in ethnic dress stands in front of a board in an indoor space.
1304 A woman in native costume paces in a presentation area in front of a sign depicting the Department of English of Jagannath University.
1305 Two young men on a motorcycle wave to the camera as they ride near a river on a cloudy day at dusk.
1305 Two white man traveling on a motorcycle next to a river, wave and one of them looks up at the sky and squints on a cloudy day.
1305 Two men wearing helmets with plexiglass face covering, and jackets and gloves, wave as they ride moving vehicle on cloudy day.
1305 two men on a motorcycle wave to a front mounted camera as they ride along a road near a body of water
1305 Two men wearing helmets ride down a hill on something moving on a sunny day.
1306 Five Asians men in red shirts are playing different instrument sitting in a park in daylight
1306 Group of Asian musicians sitting outdoors playing instruments.
1306 five men in red shirts play Asian musical instruments
1306 five Asian men sit outside as one at front plays musical stringed instrument.
1306 A group of men in red shirts play musical instruments outside on a sunny day.
1307 fires burn in a downtown street and a small group of people walk rapidly around a corner
1307 Night time, fires burn outside at front of two story house, and on one side, and in lawn and figures of people are seen dimly, running on front porch of house.
1307 People walk across a street where little fires are burning at night.
1307 Men are running around the street as a building is on fire on a dark night lit with a street lamp.
1307 People riot in front of a big white building with fires on the street at night.
1308 The back of a person with shoulder length curly hair is seen in a pen with multiple goats.
1308 A woman in blue is surrounded by a herd of goats in a barn.
1308 a woman in a blue shirt stands in a pen of goats with her back to the camera.
1308 A woman in a blue shirt stands facing the exit among long-horned goats in a goat pen open between the roof and doorway-high walls
1308 A woman in a blue shirt is standing in the middle off a group of goats outside in a barn.
1309 Four women of different races and one man are situated at the beach under palm trees with a blanket, a couple surfboards, a boogie board and flippers.
1309 Women in bathing suits relax in the sand on a beach next to a surf board.
1309 Smiling beach goers look up into a tree to see something pointed out by one of the group.
1309 Two women in swim suits sit on a sandy beach and look up, along with a man and another woman, next to a log that separates a parking lot from the sandy beach with palm trees.
1309 Men and women are enjoying a beautiful day at the beach.
1310 a man and woman talk to each other in a corridor with windows on the wall behind them
1310 Woman talks to man , both standing, in room with windows, with screen text saying SEQ Community members.
1310 A woman in glasses talks to a man in a room.
1310 Middle aged woman with glasses talks to a white man inside a room next to a window at daytime.
1310 Middle aged woman with glasses and earrings talks to a man standing in the door way with black hair in a room with white walls.
1311 Outdoor setting with leafless tree in background, woman wearing mask adjusts braids in hair of young woman, then removes mask as both laugh.
1311 a woman in a lavender top puts something around the neck of a laughing girl then removes her own necklace
1311 A young boy in an eye masks ties a headband on a boy standing in front of him outside on a sunny day.
1311 Woman attaches necklace on another then takes scarf off.
1311 Young white woman plays tag with children as she takes off her blindfold in a park at daytime.
1312 A man gestures to a couch as he speaks to a man and woman as a videographer looks at the shot on his computer.
1312 A video is being made with two actors in front of a sofa taking direction from a man in black while a videographer sets up to film.
1312 While a man is filming another man motions for a couple to sit in a seat in front of them in a room.
1312 A man directs a couple in front of an ornate love seat as a man wearing a shirt marked video love prepares to shoot a video.
1312 A man in a tee shirt that says 'Video Love' is watching a video monitor while a group of persons appears to perform in an indoor setting.
1313 Two police cars block a car from leaving on a city street lined with trees in daylight.
1313 robbers get into getaway car as police arrives and runs right by them.
1313 two police cars race down a street with their lights flashing than come to a skidding stop, blocking in a car pulling away from the curb and the officers run into a building
1313 On city street, two police cars arrive, lights flashing, and pull up horizontally to a car on side of road that had just started to move, and police officer leaps out and runs past car.
1313 Two police cars pull in front of a car and jump out to chase someone on a sunny day.
1314 Children singing and adults playing instruments slowly move through a small courtyard outdoors.
1314 Two adult musicians lead a group of children walking two by two on a pedestrian street between shops.
1314 Two men with Santa hats on playing a guitar and saxophone are leading a group of children down a street on a sunny day.
1314 A guitarist and a saxophonist, both in Christmas hats, lead a double line of children through the main aisle of a department store.
1314 A bearded man with a guitar and another man with a saxophone are walking through probably a mall during the Christmas season followed by several children.
1315 A shark is swimming under water in the daytime.
1315 A broad nosed shark cruises underwater.
1315 a shark swims though the water
1315 Two sharks swim near each other
1315 Two sharks swimming in deep waters during daylight.
1316 Young white man with short beard and shorts sits in an empty large room with large sunny windows and a shining blue floor , and gesticulates as he speaks.
1316 A white man with blue shirt and pants, sits and talks on a chair in the middle of a bare room on a sunny day.
1316 Man sits in large white room with windows on one side, talking and moving hands.
1316 a talking man in a light blue t-shirt and blue denim shorts sits in a chair in the middle of a large room with a wall of windows
1316 A man in a blue shirt sitting in a chair is speaking in a white room with lots of windows.
1317 Four young white men are playing in a band on a stage while 2 people are observing on the side inside a room with artificial lights.
1317 Band ending a song on stage.
1317 four young men set up band instruments on a small stage
1317 Overhead lights in small room with standing mike as two men adjust guitars in front of drum set at which another man is adjusting drums.
1317 A group of men playing in a band end a session inside a room with lights.
1318 Young white bald man with a yellow t shirt and black pants and a black bag strapped on him leaning on a black post next to a red bicycle looking at his watch on the sidewalk during the day.
1318 Black young man in a yellow shirt stands next to a tied up bicycle and looks at his watch on a sidewalk next to trees.
1318 In daylight, man stands leaning against black pole upright next to bike parked at another upright and constantly checks his watch.
1318 an Asian man in a yellow t-shirt over a grey sweatshirt stands near an orange bike with a white saddle checks his watch, and looks up the street
1318 A man in a yellow shirt stands and looks at his watch while standing next to an orange bike outside on a sunny day.
1319 A young boy skateboards in a large room with graffiti on the walls.
1319 In a warehouse with graffiti on the walls, a young man in black practices on a skateboard jumping onto a block and off again
1319 A boy skateboards inside an indoor space for that purpose.
1319 A young man does a trick on a skateboard in an outdoor area.
1319 At an indoor skate facility, a young man dressed in black skateboards along a brightly colored graffiti wall, jumps a platform, and then jumps off .
1320 Young Asian people walking on the sidewalk, one young woman with a white cane passing a bus stop during the day.
1320 Asian blind woman walking with cane on sidewalk among pedestrians.
1320 a blind Asian woman with a white cane walks along a crowded sidewalk where all the other people are going the other way
1320 People walking on right and left slightly part as woman with cane which she moves back and forth on ground walks forward.
1320 A blind women is walking as people are passing by her.
1321 A man wearing a bathing suit carries a boy on his shoulders on a beach next to the sea.
1321 A man with black and yellow swim trunks carries a child with black hair on his back as they walk along a beach with a dog.
1321 A man in swim trunks walks along the beach with a young boy sitting on his shoulders and a dog accompanying them.
1321 A man jogs on the beach with a child on his shoulders and a dog by his side.
1321 A man walks down a beach with his dog and a child on his shoulders.
1322 Two young men wearing earphones are passengers, sitting in front of two other passengers fly in a small plane, and the one wearing sunglasses points out something below them.
1322 A pilot flies 3 passengers over mountains in a small plane and points something out to them out of the window.
1322 Four young men are flying in a small airplane on a sunny day.
1322 A small plane's pilot wearing headphones, sun glasses and a jacket with the logo 'Avanca Champ' points out something on the ground to his three passengers.
1322 A pilot and three passengers in a small plane on a sunny day are looking down on patchwork fields below.
1323 A boy on a skate board in a professional track setting skates up the wall and then down again in daylight
1323 A skateboarder rides up a wall in an outdoor skate park during the day.
1323 A young man is skateboarding up a wall outside on a sunny day.
1323 In daylight, a young man wearing dark pants and shirt practices a skateboard move in a skateboard park.
1323 In the bright sun, a young Asian male with black hair dressed in a gray t-shirt and black pants and shoes skateboards up a short ramp in front of a concrete wall on the side of a highway, stops, gets off and back on his skateboard, and then skateboards back down the ramp.
1324 A person's finger pushing a button on a control panel in dark surroundings.
1324 A white finger presses on a button on a black and white command module and activating the Cushion Drive Motor.
1324 a man pushes a button on the lower left corner of some type of controller
1324 Finger pushes button on a console with sign pointing to it saying switch on cushion drive motor.
1324 A video of a guy pushing the red button on a black hand held controller.
1325 An older police officer speaks into the camera on a street corner at night.
1325 A city at night, a police chief talks as in background other police move metal fences in place.
1325 a man in a military style uniform talks to the camera in front of an area where low metal crowd barriers are being set up
1325 A policeman with gray mustache standing and speaking on the street at night with barricades behind him with more policemen in the background.
1325 An older uniformed white man inside a fenced area is talking outdoors next to cars policemen, vehicles and people on a dark night.
1326 A woman with an orange vest rides a bicycle on the green bike lane as traffic on the street stops.
1326 White blond woman wearing a helmet and a red vest, is bicycling on the bicycle lane on a city street, passing buildings and parked cars.
1326 Man wearing orange vest, helmet, and gloves, rides bike down bike road next to line of still automobiles in outdoor city setting.
1326 a cyclist wearing a helmet and orange vest rides toward the camera in the bike lane of a crowded street
1326 A person in an orange jacket rides their bike down a street passing cars on a sunny day.
1327 Two white male performers, one with a beard, use fire flames to circle around their bodies while onlookers watch in a dark surroundings outdoors at night time.
1327 two fire jugglers juggle lit torches on the street at night.
1327 Two fire-dancers dancing and twirling batons with flaming ends perform in front of a street crowd
1327 At night, two figures, one a bearded man, twirl batons which are on fire at both ends, standing behind a low gate made of pictures of flames.
1327 Men are twirling sticks of fire while standing in front of a group of people outside.
1328 A person is harnessed to a 3 wheeled low to the ground vehicle which is pulled down the wet sand and almost turns over but recovers.
1328 A man wearing a white helmet is seated on a wheeled platform on a beach and holding on to a cable attached to an overhead form of propulsion.
1328 A man is windsurfing while sitting in a go cart outside on a cloudy day.
1328 A man with a helmet on a 3 wheeled vehicle is being pulled in different directions by cable in a sandy area.
1328 A man dressed in a red sweatshirt and a white helmet is sitting in a low three-wheeled vehicle and is being pulled on a beach by a kite.
1329 At night, small crowd of people run down street past one story building with lights on behind all glass windows.
1329 As sirens are heard in the distance, many people run down a street past a building with a protective screen outside its window
1329 A group of police officers are running down a street at night.
1329 A crowd of people running away on a dark street with shuttered storefronts.
1329 People are running in front of a lit up and locked up store on a dark street at night.
1330 a man wearing a jacket and scarf speaks to a young woman with long hair and blue eyes on a street in a town.
1330 A man in a winter coat and muffler talks to and looks at a long-haired young woman facing him on a city street with shops.
1330 A man in a black and white scarf is talking to a woman outside on a sunny day.
1330 On a city sidewalk in the fall, a man in a plaid scarf looks into a young womans eyes and speaks to her.
1330 A man in a scarf talks with a woman in a white sweater on a city sidewalk.
1331 A man and a child with baggage ride a horse along a road through plains as a white truck passes by.
1331 Two persons are riding on a horse on an outdoor street.
1331 2 people ride on the back of an animal on a road with cars and dry grass on the sides.
1331 Along a paved street, in a scrubby setting, a man in a red top with a boy behind him rides a horse with something large across the saddle in front of him, perhaps a calf or a dog?
1331 A donkey is carrying two people on its back and walking down a rode on a sunny day.
1332 a man in a blue shirt and tan pants talks to an armed police officer when a man in a white shirt runs up behind the officer, pulls something from the back of the officers belt, and runs away chased by the man in tan pants
1332 Man with case over one shoulder talks to a policeman who points a direction when another man wearing glasses and a light colored jacket dash in and seize something from man with case who dashes after him.
1332 Two kids are in a plastic bubble playing while a man talks to a police officer in a large room.
1332 Two young white male, one in a blue uniform, the other wearing glasses and carrying a black bag converse in front of a store, while a man in a white cap runs over, pulls something out of the policeman's pocket, and runs away,
1332 A police man gives directions to a man as another man pickpockets the policeman and the other man chases the pickpocket.
1333 in a park, a red-haired person in a black and orange jacket feeds some pigeons
1333 Person wearing orange top kneels outside on road surface spreading seed to pigeons.
1333 A boy in a red jacket is stooping and interacting with a group of pigeons on the ground.
1333 Woman in red jacket feeds crumbs to pigeons on a road in daylight
1333 Person with red coat feeding pigeons
1334 A young woman and a young man are demonstrating electronic items at a convention in front of a screen inside a large room in front of people seated across them.
1334 Man and woman preparing a presentation with a big screen behind and a little model car on the podium.
1334 in front of a movie screen, a man and woman place a toy car and other equipment on a table facing a seated audience
1334 In front of a large blue lit screen in indoor room, a man and a woman arrange slide holder and other materials on black draped table.
1334 A man and a woman are setting up a presentation with a mobile car while people are sitting in the audience talking to one another.
1335 Two men are carrying suits while walking across a parking lot on a cloudy day.
1335 Two men in black sweaters carry clothing as they walk away from an elevated train station in an urban area.
1335 2 men carrying dry cleaning cross a street at a train station.
1335 Two bearded men carry garment bags across a street.
1335 Two lightly bearded men wearing black sweaters carry dry cleaner bags as they cross a street exiting a train station.
1336 Two women seated in a booth with glasses of probably beer in front of them speak to each other in probably a bar or club.
1336 A woman with long blonde hair interviews a woman performer with long brown hair in a booth at a bar.
1336 A blonde woman with long hair sits talking to a young woman with long black hair in a sleeveless outfit in a dimly lighted entertainment venue.
1336 Two women sit side by side in the wooden booth of a restaurant and talk as they face the camera.
1336 Two women are talking to each other and into the camera as they sit at a table in a restaurant.
1337 A man walks over palm leaves laying on the ground on a sunny day.
1337 Dried palm leaves on sticks are strewn on concrete as one white booted foot appears.
1337 the camera zooms in on some dried palm fronds lying on the ground
1337 light green palm branches strewn on the floor .
1337 Bamboo leaves mounted on wooden sticks lay on the ground in sunshine.
1338 Young man with black beard and mustache sits at the beach on a lounge chair as someone hands him a beer on a sunny day.
1338 one man gives another man a beer on the beach.
1338 on a beach, a woman takes a beer out of a pail of ice and hands it to a bearded man in a white t-shirt
1338 Bearded man wears sunglasses, reclining in low beach chair on sunny beach, accepts glass bottle filled with liquid from bare legged person sitting next to him.
1338 A man sitting on the beach in a blue chair pulls a beer out of a bucket.
1339 A bicycle rider jumps from a path near a tall fence onto a railing and then jumps back on the trail in a parklike setting on a dirt path on a bright day.
1339 A bicyclist rides their bike p a railing by steps outdoors on a sunny day.
1339 A young boy rides his bike on a railing outside in a park on a sunny day.
1339 A bicyclist in a yellow tee shirt jumps his bike up onto a railing as he goes up some outdoor steps.
1339 A blonde teenage boy wearing a yellow T shirt and Gray jeans jumps a bike onto a rail, rides it up some concrete steps, and then jumps off
1340 A woman speaking about CERT narrates an outside setting with a helicopter with a woman in gray t-shirt and another with a yellow pullover standing talking in front.
1340 A group of people including a soldier and police woman stand in front of a couple private planes on a sunny day outdoors.
1340 A group of military people stand in front of a large helicopter talking in groups.
1340 A female police officer and several other people stand next to a helicopter in an outdoor area.
1340 Various officials from the Community Emergency Response Team stand in the grass next to a black helicopter.
1341 A group of men in blue hardhats, several with vests with PREMSA on the back, stand facing a tall latticed fence as black strips inside fall down with the sound of gunfire. j
1341 A group of people in hard hats stand in front of a chain link fence with a building behind it.
1341 Construction men are standing outside behind a fence watching as something in front of the blows up.
1341 A group of men wearing blue hard hats is looking through a glass barrier at what night be floodwaters.
1341 A group of men in a warm climate in protective helmets, some wearing vests marked prensa, are watching a demolition from behind a fence.
1342 Young man wearing a cap walks toward a young woman with a cap and long golden earrings during night time
1342 Man meets woman in narrow hallway and they walk in together.
1342 a man walks through a doorway and bumps into a woman (both wear black baseball caps and light green vests) and they exit through a gap in some curtains
1342 Man wearing cap on backwards enters room, meets woman just entering from another door, he continues as she backs back into the room she had just left.
1342 A man comes around a corner fast and almost bumps into a woman wearing a hat.
1343 A divert takes his position on rocks before he dives.
1343 A bare-chested young man on a rocky outcrop near a waterfall dives into a pool below.
1343 A man jumps off a cliff next to a waterfall on a sunny day.
1343 A young man with dark hair in blue striped swim trunks dives off the rocks next to a waterfall.
1343 A man in a bathing suit dives from rocks at the top of a waterfall.
1344 One man rides on a bicycle, the other man rides a big tricycle on a dirt road outdoors in nature on a sunny day.
1344 men riding bikes outdoors.
1344 a man rides a motorized wheelchair with a companion on a bike as they go through semi-desert terrain
1344 Two bikers, one in a reclining bike, travel down a road among low hills under a blue but cloudy sky.
1344 A person on a bicycle and one on a three wheel bike ride on a dirt road on a sunny day.
1345 Three young Asian women are being videotaped while eating in a room with a television on.
1345 A person and makes faces to attract to attract the attention of a woman and another person seated on a couch watching television and eating takeout food.
1345 A standing woman make a hand gesture to 2 people seated on a sofa eating snacks as they watch TV.
1345 A woman and two kids are eating something from a coffee table while they watch TV.
1345 An Asian woman enters a rec room and gestures to both a teenage Asian female and an Asian boy sitting on a sofa eating take-out food and watching TV.
1346 A man in a woodworking shop is using a drill in the construction of a wooden object.
1346 A carpenter in a blue T shirt drills through a double layer of plywood as he constructs a structural frame.
1346 A man in a t-shirt kneels beside a structure in an indoor workspace and holds two identical curved pieces of wood together with one hand as he drills a hole with an electric drill held in the other
1346 A man in a workshop uses an electric tool to make a hole in a wooden structure that is being fabricated.
1346 A man in a blue shirt uses a drill to put a hole in a piece of wood inside a workroom.
1347 Brown skin woman with black hair and a white top makes patties in the kitchen during the day.
1347 Woman with long hair is washing her hand vigorously in a room near a window that lets in sunlight.
1347 Woman stands and moves hands as though washing them in a room next to a couch.
1347 a long haired woman washes her hands while there is a sofa and large window behind her
1347 A person with long hair is washing their hands in a room.
1348 A person in a black hooded jacket runs with a hang glider through an open field.
1348 A parachutist is trying to collapse his parachute in a field
1348 A person wearing an animal costume runs and flies a rainbow kite in an open field on a sunny day.
1348 In a stubbly field a figure hooked up to a gliding parachute tries to take off.
1348 A person runs in a field and takes off the ground hand gliding.
1349 a woman in an office wearing a black top over a black and white sweater talks and then points to something on a cellphone
1349 Woman with long dark hair and glasses talks and gestures to smart phone in one hand.
1349 A woman is sitting and talking to a man and another person with her cell phone in her hand in an office.
1349 White woman with black hair and glasses holds a cell phone while seated in an office setting indoors
1349 Young white woman with straight long black hair , a striped top with a dark jacket sitting in an office with pictures of people on the wall ,explaining to two unseen people what one needs and points at an App on her smart phone.
1350 Two men, one wearing blue plaid shirt with napkin tucked in his front, and one balding wearing glasses, eat ribs from a paper plate held by the first man as they stand on the sidewalk in front of a large banner posted on uprights.
1350 a man in a blue and white plaid shirt eats barbecued ribs with a man in a maroon shirt
1350 A man in a blue plaid shirt holds a plate of ribs and talks to a man in a burgundy shirt eating one outside on a sunny day.
1350 Two men eating ribs on the street during the day.
1350 White man is handing out food samples to a middle aged white man outdoors in daylight in front of a store.
1351 8 hot air balloons are on the ground in a mountainous ski area with some snow cover on the ground.
1351 A group of rainbow-striped hot air balloons on a snowy field are filled up with gas in front of a green-covered mountain in front of snow-capped mountains.
1351 A blue air balloon is blown up and joins other multicolored one already erect outside on a sunny day.
1351 With snowcapped mountains in the background, at least eight multicolored hot air balloons prepare for takeoff.
1351 Hot air balloons are being inflated on a snow-covered meadow in the mountains.
1352 through the Asian man in a white e window of a shop with a pay phone on a busy street, we see an Asian man in a white shirt and dark pants walking by
1352 Asian man holds briefcase in left hand as he walks across pedestrian walk next to busy city street.
1352 A man walks down the street with traffic on the road and you can see the reflection through a store front glass.
1352 Asian man with glasses crosses the sidewalk of a busy street with buses and cars driving by during the day.
1352 Young Asian Man with white shirt and black briefcase walking by a white bus and a black cab on a cross walk on a busy street during the day.
1353 A jewelry box with red velvet inside with colorful butterfly pendants gold chains and beads.
1353 Pieces of colorful beads and jewelry displayed in two boxes on a red cloth on a table indoors.
1353 Alternating views show several boxes of jewelry.
1353 the camera shows the contents of a jewelry box's three tiers
1353 A video of two necklaces in two different boxes with a lot of colorful stones.
1354 A man drives a silver car through the woods and a woman dressed in white in the drivers seat stands and allows a scarf to billow out behind her as she rides.
1354 A woman in white dress holds a veil wide as a man drives her in a convertible in a wooded daylight setting.
1354 A newly married couple are riding in a convertible with the top down and the Bride is sitting on the back seat letting the wind blow her veil outside on a sunny day.
1354 A blonde woman in a white dress and veil sits above the open roof of a silver convertible and lets the veil flow in the wind is the man drives through the woods
1354 A woman in a bridal gown is riding in a convertible through a wooded outdoor area and holds her veil out to the wind.
1355 An Asian man standing in the middle of another man and a woman shows excitement then runs off.
1355 On s sunny day on green lawn against underbrush and green shrubs, a portly white man, and a white woman with reddish hair, stand on either side of a shorter Asian man who raises both hands up and over his head then down and smiling dashes off as the other two laugh.
1355 a young man standing between a fat middle-aged man and a young woman waves his arms excitedly and runs off as everyone laughs
1355 Young man makes funny move then goes away as man and woman laugh.
1355 A white woman and a white man with glasses stand among trees and bushes as an Asian young man walks up and stands between the two smiles and opens his arms outdoors on a cloudy day.
1356 A man holding sunglasses and a woman wearing sunglasses, both in jackets, hold Starbucks cups, as they look around in a wooded area with two children behind them.
1356 A bearded man wearing a dark jacket and holding a styrofoam coffee cup in a wooded outdoor area puts down his sunglasses and turns toward a woman and two children.
1356 A bearded man holding a disposable cup points out something on a trail to a woman as 2 children frolic on the trail.
1356 A bearded man in a jacket holding a paper drinking cup turns to a woman as a child joins them in a wooded setting on a trail.
1356 A man with a white coffee cup is in the woods with another man and a boy.
1357 At the base of a post, helmeted man bends down and places another flower in an area with many flowers in containers and on bike leaning against the post as many people with bikes stand and observe.
1357 a group of bicyclists are gathered around a street corner where a man puts some flowers on a memorial white bicycle
1357 A group of bicyclist gather at a memorial cite with flowers and candles for a fellow cyclists outside on a sunny day.
1357 bicyclists dressed in colorful rain coats and helmets gather near a vigil to a friend on the street during the day.
1357 Many people with bicycles wearing helmets standing around a memorial spot with flowers on a busy street lined with stores and an apartment house with cars driving by, on a sunny day
1358 people ride on a merry-go-round as the hanging chairs come around in and out of view
1358 People ride in swings going around and around carnival ride during day light.
1358 Kids are on a swing ride at an amusement park on a sunny day.
1358 Several people sitting on a ride of flying seats in an amusement park outdoors on a cloudy day while a man is walking back and forth in the middle.
1358 Kids spin on a carnival ride as a man takes ff his glasses and looks on.
1359 An African American man is removing something from a brown paper bag speaking into a camera inside a room with a fireplace and pictures on the wall.
1359 A black man with close-cropped hair stands in a living room and reaches into a brown bag and then stops and speaks directly to the video watcher.
1359 A man reaches into a paper bag while talking to the camera from a living room.
1359 A black man in a white tee shirt reaches into a paper bag in an interior room.
1359 A young black man with short hair, a thin mustache, and thin beard wearing a white 'Night Stand' T shirt reaches into a carry out bag.
1360 People standing in a basket of a red hot air balloon on a sunny day.
1360 People in hot air balloon
1360 people ride in a hot-air balloon over farmland
1360 Sunny blue skies as group of people rise in hot air balloon basket.
1360 A group of people in a hot air balloon are taking a ride on a sunny day.
1361 A person with a head covering and wearing a brown cloak stands in an alley next to a stone building.
1361 A woman in a brown cape Is standing under a blue sign in an ancient narrow alley tinged with green moss.
1361 In a Middle Eastern setting of a path between two stone and plastered buildings, a person with a brown cloak turns from side to side.
1361 A person with covered head and flowing clothes is seen from the back outdoors on a street as they sway near a table with a large aluminum tub and orange colored container.
1361 A woman in a brown cape is standing between two stone buildings on a sunny day.
1362 Large jet plane of the US President is moving slowly on the runway with one white man watching during daylight.
1362 News clip of the presidential airplane as it rolls on the runway
1362 a large 2-engine jets taxis on a runway as the voice over describes what is happening
1362 On a sunny day a large airplane starts to slowly move past a jacked man standing on the tarmac.
1362 An old plane moves on an airport runway outside.
1363 Event staff workers aid fallen cyclists at a sporting event as people look on from behind a rope barrier.
1363 Two motorcyclists who have crashed on a leaf-strewn path are helped up by two race officials as a crowd watches.
1363 Construction workers dressed in blue and green assist a motorcyclist in an motorcycle accident outside on a sunny day.
1363 A rescue team dressed in fluorescent yellow vests rush toward and assist two motocross riders after an accident.
1363 A crew of three wearing yellow vests is picking up a motorcyclist who has crashed in rocks.
1364 A white powerboat with a blue roof plows through the water.
1364 2 people are in a blue and white boat in fresh water.
1364 A blue and white boat is riding along in a large body of water when it slows down and comes to a stop.
1364 A motorboat with two persons in the cabin proceeds through the water in daylight.
1364 Two men are seen behind the windshield of a small power boat with a blue canvas top as it glides across the open water.
1365 Player kicks off the ball in rugby game.
1365 Group of people running and passing a ball among them in a park during daytime.
1365 Two teams, one wearing red and one wearing yellow shirts, play on grassy field sometimes throwing ball.
1365 teams of men in yellow and orange uniforms begin a rugby game
1365 A group of men are playing a game of football on a field on a sunny day.
1366 A boy in a white shirt rides his bike on a ramp and jumps off onto the ground near a building on a sunny day.
1366 Boy rides bike on elevated rise in back of building and twirls it in air as he lands.
1366 a young man rides a bike along the top of a loading dock and jumps off the end
1366 Young man with white t shirt over beige pants on a small bicycle going across a ramp and jumping down to the sidewalk with a full spin midair against the beige warehouse building with a yellow sign during a sunny day.
1366 White young man in a white shirt bicycles up a slope jumps down while turning around behind a warehouse on a sunny day.
1367 2 dressed up man in sunglasses talk to seated people on a sunny day.
1367 Two young men in tuxedos and sun glasses stand talking to seated guests at tables in an outdoor venue.
1367 Two men in tuxedos speak to someone then walk off outside on a sunny day.
1367 Two white men with brown hair dressed in black tie wearing sunglasses and white boutonnieres converse with a red haired woman at an outdoor wedding.
1367 Two men wearing formal clothing and sunglasses walk among seated persons at an outdoor daytime function.
1368 Young Asian child sits with bar in front of him at indoor shopping area, sipping on a drink he holds in his hand.
1368 a little boy in a blue hat sips from a small bottle through a straw as people in a market walk by
1368 A baby in a blue hat holds a drink with a straw in it and he is trying to get it out.
1368 Asian child with hat drinks a beverage on street in evening.
1368 Little Asian boy with a hat is standing and drinking in an indoor shopping area lit by lights.
1369 2 men play brass instruments.
1369 Two men play music on woodwind instruments in a dark setting.
1369 A musician is playing a saxophone while the audience is screaming.
1369 In a black and white video, two male musicians are playing saxophones in a chaotic way.
1369 Two musicians, one with probably a clarinet and the other with a harmonica, play indoors.
1370 A group of pedestrians in front of a green display window begin crossing the wide city street in the crosswalk when traffic stops.
1370 A car comes to a halt on a city street at night, and pedestrians begin to cross in the crosswalk in front of the car.
1370 Pedestrians wait to cross a city street a
1370 In a downtown fashionable shopping district in the evening in an Asian city a crowd of men and women in winter coats cross at a pedestrian crossing when the light changes.
1370 A group of people wait for the light to change before crossing the street outside at night.
1371 Rider climbs on a motor bike and rides away on the road lined with trees.
1371 Man in helmet and leather jacket walks toward and sits on a motorcycle and proceeds on a highway lined with trees on a cloudy day.
1371 Helmeted and black jacketed man mounts motor bike and starts up 2-lane highway under cloud sky at twilight.
1371 a young man in a leather jacket gets on to a motorcycle and rides away down a paved road.
1371 A man on a motorcycle starts it and takes off down a street.
1372 a couple in a dark suit and blue dress walk down the aisle between the pews in a brick church when the scene changes to a similarly dressed couple walking down the same aisle
1372 Down an aisle between rows of seated people, a procession walks each with a man escorting a woman towards the front of the building
1372 A wedding party walks down the aisle in a church while guests watch.
1372 Latino young man in a suit and a latino young woman in a blue dress are walking down the aisle in a church observed by people during daylight.
1372 Two couples walking down the aisle.
1373 A shirtless man slits a fish on a crowded boat deck.
1373 A man squats over a cutting board and prepares to gut a fish.
1373 A man is opening a large fish with a knife next to a bucket outside on a sunny day.
1373 A shirtless man uses a large knife to cut open a fish.
1373 A young blonde man with a sunburned back is crouched down fileting a fish next to a stack of colorful buckets and additional fish.
1374 People in an audience are watching a band play on a stage while a monitor plays behind them.
1374 Two men on stage sing and play instruments in front of audience seated in arched room with large screen showing moving abstracts.
1374 IN a theater, blotchy image flow across a screen and a keyboardist and guitarist perform below it to an audience
1374 A two person band is performing their music with a large screen behind them showing abstract forms in a cavernous club with four rows of lights across the walls and ceilings.
1374 Two musicians are performing next to a giant screen and next to a blocked out stage outdoors at night time.
1375 Heavy set white man sings into a microphone holding a tambourine in a dark room with colored lights while one women moves to the music in the background.
1375 man holding a tambourine singing to a microphone
1375 a man holding a tambourine sings into a microphone as a woman crosses behind him he stage that is lit with orange light
1375 Older man wearing long sleeve shirt with sleeves rolled up, stands on darkened stage with two spotlights visible, holds tambourine in left hand, and sings into stand mike which he holds with right hand.
1375 A man is standing at a microphone singing with a tambourine in his hand.
1376 2 school age teams play basketball with spectators watching.
1376 Two teenage teams, one in red jerseys and another in black, play basketball indoors in front of a crowd of onlookers.
1376 A game of basketball game is being played inside in a gymnasium.
1376 Teenage boys, one team in black and one team in yellow, play basketball in a gymnasium with an audience watching from bleachers
1376 Two teams play basketball in a gym.
1377 A man in a white tee shirt rides a bicycle down a walk with steps.
1377 A young man with dark hair and beard wearing a black cap, white T shirt and jeans rides a bike down a ramp in a skateboard park with a man on roller blades in the distance
1377 A man in a white shirt gets up on a bicycle and rides down a concrete ramp in a skateboard venue as another person skates in the distance.
1377 A male cyclist rides in a skate park with mountains in the background while other people roller skate and bike..
1377 A man in a white shirt on a bike rides in an area where others are roller skating.
1378 A man talks while in an airplane by himself.
1378 A single man in a fighter pilot helmet and facemask is shown inside the cockpit of an old airplane.
1378 A 1930's era pilot looks out the windows of his 1930's era plane.
1378 A pilot wearing earphones and oxygen mask looks around in the cockpit of his plane.
1378 In a black and white film, a fighter pilot sits in the cockpit of a World War II era plane.
1379 Young Asian man dressed in black with red belt and yellow sash and ornamental helmet repeatedly maneuvers white strip around as he shakes head and dances from large semi-enclosed area with people sitting to an outside area where others stand and take pictures.
1379 a man in a costume somersaults into the center of a crowd of people and shakes his head rapidly so that a long ribbon attached to his hat spins around in big circles
1379 A man in a costume dances in the street swirling an object on his head around outside on a sunny day.
1379 Asian looking male dancer dances and twirls indoors with people looking on.
1379 Asian group of young people dance and perform in front of a group of asian children outdoors in front of a screened wall in daylight.
1380 A groom from a wedding party is talking with the other groomsmen standing behind him smiling.
1380 Several men, wearing format attire with roses in their lapels, stand and shift, smiling.
1380 a broadly smiling man in a black tux and bow tie with a white rose in his lapel stands in front of six other men in similar tuxes
1380 group of young white men all wearing black tuxedos and white roses on the lapels look on and react smiling indoors.
1380 Group of white young men in black suits and bow ties are standing and smiling indoors next to a window in daylight.
1381 on a downtown street in an Asian city, a young man in a grey and white polo shirt speak into the camera
1381 Outside at night in city with tall neon sign in oriental characters, black man holding hands together talks.
1381 A man is standing near a street speaking while on camera outside at night.
1381 Young Hispanic man stands at a cross road of a street, behind him a store is visible, in the dark at night.
1381 Reporter standing on a street at night with neon signs behind him speaking to the camera.
1382 Dark man sits with bandana over his eyes, hands not visible, and rocks from side to side, lit only from front against dark room.
1382 a blindfolded man sways from side to side and talks
1382 A person in a red blind fold moves his head around in a dark room.
1382 A dark skin woman with eyes covered with red cloth speaks to camera moving head at night.
1382 A dark skinned person with red head covering sits and sways in a dark room.
1383 A man with black hair wearing a black jacket sits on a lawn chair, picks up a newspaper, and then looks over at a young couple kissing.
1383 A man kisses a woman who is seated in a white chair in a park while a man with a newspaper watches.
1383 A man sits down outdoors to read the paper and notices a young couple kissing each other.
1383 A man in a suit jacket sits down in a chair in a park and notices a woman sitting in another chair with a young man next to her kissing her and then kneeling to get closer.
1383 A man in a black suit sits next to a couple kissing in a white outside on a sunny day.
1384 Woman stands in hall outside kitchen, lowers panel down so it becomes a table, and smiles.
1384 in a hallway next to a small kitchen, a woman in a white blouse and silver shorts lowers a board that crosses the hallway and smiles
1384 A woman pulls the hinged side of a wall down and it becomes a counter.
1384 Woman open a pull down table in house.
1384 White young woman with black hair takes down a board next to microwave and a sink at night time.
1385 A young man gets his nose hairs trimmed with an electric clipper.
1385 A barber trims the moustache of a dark-haired, bearded man relaxed in a chair inside.
1385 A man with a mustache gets a nose trim sitting in a chair.
1385 A man with freshly trimmed black hair and beard sits in a barber's chair and has his nose hairs trimmed with an electric trimmer.
1385 A barber uses an electric clipper to trim a man's nose hair.
1386 Skate boarder jumps out of building over steps successfully.
1386 A young man on skate board is jumping over stairs in front of a building on a sunny day, while another man is walking away from the stairs on a sunny day
1386 A skateboarder leaps down multiple steps in front of tall building and successfully lands.
1386 a skateboarder comes out from the bottom floor of a large office building and jumps over a flight of about 10 stairs and lands the jump
1386 A man skateboards over steps attached to a building on a sunny day.
1387 A young boy with brown hair on a small blue and yellow bicycle with a red bell is stopped in front of a boy with brown hair wearing a red T shirt and baggy jeans and sitting on a concrete bench.
1387 A boy in a red shirt sits on an outdoor step while a smaller child sits on a bicycle.
1387 A boy on a bike faces another boy leaning against a concrete step.
1387 A young boy rides a baby bike up to a concrete slab on which a red-shirted, black-haired older boy leans against a concrete wall about 2-feet high.
1387 A little boy of a tricycle is talking to another little boy in a red shirt sitting on a cement wall outside on a sunny day.
1388 a bearded man in a teal jacket talks into a mike as he stands in front of a bright yellow climbing wall
1388 Dark haired and bearded man wears unzipped jacket and stands against yellow background wall sprinkled with rocks, as he talks and holds mike.
1388 A man in a green jacket talks into a microphone in front of an indoor climbing wall.
1388 Young white man with glasses stands and talks against a decorated orange wall indoors in a gym.
1388 A white bearded young man with glasses wearing a green coat Stands in front of a yellow metal structure with red blue and brown items attached to it, speaking to a microphone.
1389 A woman in shorts and sunglasses rides a bicycle pulling a bunch of balloons on a walkway next to the sea, while a man in shorts rides behind her.
1389 A young woman gives a young man a ride on the back of a turquoise bicycle along a concrete boardwalk at the beach.
1389 On a promenade near an ocean beach a woman pedals a bicycle while the man sitting behind her manipulates the camera filming them
1389 A man and woman ride a balloon decorated bike for 2 along a beach bike path on a sunny day.
1389 A woman rides a with a man on the back of her bike with balloons blowing in the wind along a boardwalk beside a beach.
1390 Young boys wearing ID cards run in a competition uphill in sand.
1390 Boys in a running competition jog up a slope on a dirt road in scrubland on a bright day.
1390 A group of boys are running outdoors on a sunny day.
1390 Children in different color shorts and tops wearing 3 digit numbers run by on a dusty path at a cross country event.
1390 A group of young cross-country racers runs uphill through sand.
1391 Man holds pad with paper, facing a partially open window at which woman stands.
1391 a man in a white shirt holds a clipboard and talks to an agitated woman in a cage
1391 Two women standing on opposite sides of a metal cage trying to do something.
1391 Man feeding prisoner.
1391 A man with a notepad sits in front of a cell where a woman is standing and crying inside.
1392 A woman in a white lace dress pulls clothes off a rack to show a young man standing next to her inside a room.
1392 A woman in white works as a salesperson advising a male customer in a white shirt on what clothes would go well together.
1392 A male and female are in an indoor space with clothing and shoes on racks and photo lights as the female offers the male some clothing from the racks.
1392 In a clothing store, a woman wearing a white dress shows clothing to a young man wearing a white tee shirt.
1392 A young woman with dark hair wearing a white lace dress is suggesting various articles of clothing from a rack to a young man.
1393 Skate board performer jumps inside a skateboard performing area, surrounded by cheering people in sunlight.
1393 Skate boarder performing tricks in the arena.
1393 a young male skateboarder does jumps and other tricks in a large skate bowl
1393 Outdoors on a sunny day, crowd rings the upper edge of a large bowl appearing structure and watches a skate boarder circle then leap high .
1393 A person skateboards in an arena in front of a large audience outside on a sunny day.
1394 3 male runners with white tops and dark shorts run across a ridge over rocks on a cloudy day in the mountains.
1394 Four young men, one bare chested, are running on top of a mountain during a cloudy day.
1394 Three men wearing shorts and 2 with hats jog at ridgeline of rocky and hills under cloudy sky.
1394 four men jog along a hilly path in rocky foothills
1394 Four men jog along a trail on a cloudy day.
1395 A woman in a black and white outfit leaves the room when she hears a man with a towel around his waist enter the room.
1395 Woman walks up hall and backs through open door as man wearing towel wrapped around waist walks into room she just vacated and picks up phone and talks into it.
1395 a woman sets something down and walks away from the camera down an apartment hall as a young man wearing a towel comes out of a side room and answers a phone where the woman has set something
1395 A young woman runs away from the phone when it rings then stands silently as a man comes wearing a white towel and answers the phone.
1395 Young woman leaves a room as a young man wrapped with a white towel around his waist steps outside to answer his cellphone.
1396 A person in a black jacket with white stripes rides a vehicle along a trail deep in snow in woods with snow-sprinkled evergreen trees.
1396 A person's view as they cycle among trees through deep snow is shown.
1396 A person is driving a snowmobile through the snow and woods.
1396 A rider pilots a snowmobile on a snow covered trail in the woods.
1396 A person wearing a jacket with white stripes down black sleeves bicycles through deep snow on a path in the woods.
1397 A sky glider comes in for a landing on a dirt plain in front of a grass hill on a cloudless, blue-sky day.
1397 2 paragliders come in for a landing on a sunny day at the beach.
1397 Two people on a hand glider are landing in a field outside on a sunny day.
1397 A parachutist outdoors in daylight lands on a sandy area while a second person wearing black attempts to catch him.
1397 Against a clear blue sky, a hang glider carrying two people touches down on a grassy knoll and drops off one person.
1398 People from an African village are walking with large water containers to get water.
1398 Three African women and two children hold boxes under arms as they walk into area where other African people stand on sunny day with fencing stands against green growth.
1398 brightly clothed African women and children carrying yellow containers run into a rail fenced waiting area
1398 Kids and women carry water containers by a fence.
1398 African people of different ages carry containers next to a fence on green grass in daylight.
1399 A man with a thin black mustache and beard, a black sweater and a silver chain is wearing a ushanka hat.
1399 A man in a fur cap is standing on a hill next to a bay or lake.
1399 A young man in a fur hat, black shirt, and heavy neck chain talks to the camera with water and trees in the background.
1399 A young man with a dark mustache wearing a fur hat with side flaps down stands in front of a misty setting of low mountains and speaks.
1399 A man in a furry hat and thick silver chain necklace speaks into a camera outside.
1400 A young man puts a fish that he caught back into the water.
1400 A man standing in a yellow fishing boat dips his net full of fish into the water and the contents splash about.
1400 A man in a yellow boat catches a large fish in a fishing net on a sunny day.
1400 From a small yellow boat, a man standing nets a flopping fish with the lure visible in his mouth.
1400 A man in a yellow boat nets a fish that has just been reeled in.
1401 A man's motorcycle is stuck in the mud and water, and the man jumps up and down in the troublesome puddle.
1401 A man rode his motorbike into shallow water and shows his unhappiness by jumping up and down in the water as a tantrumming child might.
1401 A man wearing blue overalls is jumping in a puddle and his motorcycle is besides him.
1401 A man stamps his feet in a muddy stream next to a stuck motorcycle.
1401 A man in a blue jumpsuit jumps up and down in a puddle in the woods next to his blue and white motorcycle.
1402 a skateboarder jumps up onto a platform, skates across it, lands on the other side, and keeps going past a row of shops
1402 Skateboarder jumps his skate up a cement porch and skates off the end continuing down sidewalk in front of closed stores.
1402 A boy on a skateboard jumps on a platform then back off in the night time
1402 Hispanic man skateboards and jumps over an elevated platform on a deserted street lined with closed shops at sundown.
1402 young make skateboarder with blue shier with white stripes jumps over a stage on an empty street at night, lands on it then rolls of it landing perfectly.
1403 Low black car rapidly turns onto paved street lined with palm trees with city buildings on left in distance.
1403 a dark car speeds around a corner of a palm-lined street in a park as a man in an orange shirt films it
1403 An old car rides through the streets filled with palm trees on a sunny day.
1403 A black sports car turns the corner fast and drives away onto the palm tree lined street.
1403 Black pick-up truck is zooming by next to a park on a road lined with palm trees outdoors on a sunny day.
1404 A group of musicians including a guitarist, saxophone player, drums and a violin play weird music in an indoor entertainment venue.
1404 5 male musicians perform on a stage.
1404 A group of musicians are playing on a stage inside a large room.
1404 A band consisting of five musicians tunes up on stage.
1404 A group of five male musicians are tuning their instruments in an area with wood walls and an ENM UNAM sign on the wall.
1405 A young man in a blue shirt skateboards over a black object outside.
1405 A young black man rides his skateboard and mounts an obstacle where he loses control of his board.
1405 A skateboarder rides over a sprinkler cover on a city street but doesn't clear it and jumps off of his board.
1405 A male skateboarder wearing a black cap tries to jump an obstacle on the sidewalk but fails.
1405 An Asian man wearing a back facing cap, a blue print shirt , and black pants skateboards from a corner and jumps an obstacle.
1406 People walk away from a standing train across railroad tracks.
1406 People look at several historic train engines at a railway event.
1406 People walk alongside an old train, across the path from several old train engines in an outside setting.
1406 Men walk on a train track at an exhibit of trains and locomotives on a warm day.
1406 People are walking alongside a train standing still outside on a sunny day
1407 A band featuring three guitars, a drummer, and a singer behind the mic is on stage in some music venue.
1407 A five person band with three guitarists and a drummer is on a dark stage with blue and red stage lights.
1407 A man is talking on a lighted stage with pink and blue lighting while other players carry on, while a white lei-like length is draped over the microphone.
1407 4 musicians stand on an indoor stage in front of a curtain.
1407 A group of band members are on a stage with their instruments and one of the men is talking.
1408 A teenager catches a long touchdown pass at a night football game as his team cheers from the sideline.
1408 Teams play a night game of football in a stadium.
1408 Spectators watch a ball sail through the air to be caught by a player during a night time American high school football game.
1408 In the evening, two young teams of football players play in front of a rather empty grandstand to score when one player catches a pass in the endzone.
1408 A football game is being played and one of the teams scores a touchdown in a stadium at night.
1409 Bearded man waking up to check his phone.
1409 White man with beard and mustache wakes up in a bed, and reaches for his cell phone in a bedroom during daylight.
1409 bearded shaggy haired man lies in bed raises head and picks up object from floor and starts looking at it.
1409 a man lying in bed wearing a blue plaid shirt awakes and checks his cell phone
1409 A man asleep in a bed awakens when he hears his phone ringing next to him in a bedroom.
1410 a blue eyed baby lies on a white sheepskin looking up
1410 Small baby lies on a fluffy cloth looking up and over.
1410 A baby lays on a furry blanket looking up.
1410 White baby laying on his back on a white fluffy pillow, looking up in a room inside.
1410 Baby laying on a furry bed looking up with tongue out.
1411 A blonde woman in a white sheath prances to music onto a flower-strewn runway holding a microphone.
1411 A woman dressed in white comes out on a white stage decorated with peach flowers holding a microphone.
1411 A woman in a white dress holding a microphone walks onto a stage with rose petals on the floor.
1411 A woman in a white dress holding a microphone goes on stage and begins a performance.
1411 A woman with blonde curly hair in a short white dress holds a microphone and prances out onto a platform covered in petals and flower arrangements
1412 A Young black man and young white men are dancing inside next to a red wall.
1412 A black young man with a white tee shirt and an Afro hairdo is leading a group of young men in a dance on the street against a brown and red building facade.
1412 a group of young men gyrate to music
1412 A group of white, Asian and black young men are led by a young Black man leading a shimmying movement through a seated and standing crowd inside.
1412 A group of men are dancing crazy in a large room.
1413 An aerial view of tall buildings on a cloudy day.
1413 Ariel view of city scape with tall buildings surrounding green area around pond.
1413 an aerial view of a small park in the center of many tall buildings
1413 AN aerial view of high rises in the city during the day then a gray cloud cover.
1413 Arial photo of a park surrounded with high rise buildings during daytime
1414 A seated man enjoys a smoke while a little girl stands to his right.
1414 A black man in a white cap smokes in a reclining chair at dusk against a red-clay background.
1414 A man in a blue shirt and white hat sits near a rock wall smoking a cigarette.
1414 In front of red sandstone, a black man wearing a white kufi cap next to a little black girl wearing earrings and necklace smokes a cigarette
1414 A black man seated in a chair outdoors holds a smoking cigar.
1415 On a rainy night, several people walk on sidewalk in front of a building with low bushes.
1415 men walk along a wet sidewalk in snow storm
1415 People walk down the street as the rain from the curb splashes up over the curb at night.
1415 Three men walk on the icy sidewalk in New York during a snowy night with three other people behind them.
1415 Man are walking on a street splashed with water on a cold night in a city.
1416 A woman in an orange dress puts a book back in a souvenir store in Thailand.
1416 Asian woman in shop advertising souvenirs from Thailand places books in counter level bin.
1416 an Asian woman in a bright orange dress walks across a store then puts something flat into a bin
1416 Woman walks into shop and puts book in bin.
1416 Young Asian women in a red dress put away books in a bin in a colorful store during daylight
1417 Three men, the older one carries a briefcase, are crossing the street at nighttime .
1417 Two Men wearing dark suits holding black briefcases cross the street following a young man with dark hair and a beard jeans and a black hoodie holding a red small bag as a woman with a briefcase crosses from the other side in the evening on a treelined street.
1417 three men, one in a dark suit and carrying a briefcase, cross a street
1417 Three men walk singly in cross walk across city street.
1417 A man in a suit carrying a brief case crosses a street passing others at dusk.
1418 Two women hugging and smiling.
1418 Two Hispanic women, one older, the other younger who is wearing long silver earrings are embracing and smiling inside a hall.
1418 Taller of two women (wearing dangling silver earring) smiles down toward and embraces shorter woman with pearl lined hairpiece who smiles toward camera.
1418 shows the heads of two smiling women, one of whom wears dangling earrings and has a blue shoulder strap on her dress, hugging
1418 Two women hold each other in excitement.
1419 Boy in blue shirt and black hat falls off skateboard at end of small wall, rolls over, stands up.
1419 a male skateboarder in a blue shirt goes off a low curb into a street, falls and rolls, gets up and flashes a middle finger at the camera
1419 A young man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard and takes a fall onto the ground outside.
1419 A young white skate boarder with a blue top jumps over a barrier outdoors and tumbles down and flips the finger as he gets up.
1419 Young man in a blue jacket with skateboard tries to jump over a fence but tumbles and fall, then gets up
1420 A handicap parking space with a black van parked in it then a man in a wheel chair rolling along outside on a sunny day.
1420 Cloudy day at parking lot where voice over and sign indicate parking for handicapped is available as man in motorized wheelchair drives in.
1420 the scene pans from a blue and white wheelchair sign, a parking lot, and a man in a wheelchair crossing the street into a waiting area
1420 A disabled man rides his motorized wheel chair onto the sidewalk on a cloudy day.
1420 Brown skinned handicapped man in a bright green jacket sitting in a large motorized tricycle crossing the street toward special parking spot for the handicapped, outdoors on a cloudy day.
1421 A black man wearing a white polo and a name tag with a 'b' logo spreads pale green frosting on a miniature cupcake.
1421 Man in a white shirt ices a cupcake.
1421 A person puts green frosting on a cupcake.
1421 A person in a white polo shirt spread light green frosting on a cupcake in an indoor setting.
1421 A man with rubber gloves on hold a cupcake and puts icing on it.
1422 An Asian man and an Asian woman drink from teacups at a table.
1422 An Asian woman and an Asian man each drink down a cup of tea from a tray.
1422 An Asian woman drains her teacup as a man sitting next to her drinks his tea and then follows suit to drain the cup at a table with a woman standing nearby.
1422 A man and woman taste a beverage in small ceramic cups with other people present.
1422 An Asian man and woman are sitting indoors and drink from small white cups.
1423 3 motorcycles passing on the road in a city in the middle of a large group of people at night time.
1423 Motorcycles drive through a crowded street at night.
1423 three motorcycles drive slowly through a crowded street at night
1423 Riders on three motorbikes travel slowly through large crowds of pedestrians walking toward them on a city street at night.
1423 Three motorcycles with people ride through a crowd of people at night.
1424 Two men wearing helmets leave bicycles lying on the ground and climb through rocks.
1424 Two young men in helmets leave their bikes as they set off to hike in rocky mountains on a sunny day
1424 Two men in helmets leave bicycles behind as they climb up from a cleft on a rocky mountain above a farming landscape on a cloudy day.
1424 2 cyclists are at the bottom of a mountain and a view can be seen from high up on a mountain.
1424 Two mountain bikers walk around a mountain outside on a sunny day.
1425 Musicians perform for an audience outdoors.
1425 A young woman in a white dress stands in front of other dancers and demonstrates a dance step.
1425 A group of people are standing in front of a stage dancing while a group performs. outside.
1425 At a daytime outdoor rock concert, view from behind the lead singer dressed in black shows young people dancing.
1425 A group of people are standing outside listening to music while two women do some dance steps.
1426 A white woman model with blonde hair walks on the runway with a white skirt and vest over a black top with black short boots and a black hat.
1426 Young white woman in black and white outfit wearing gloves and a hat walks on a runway during fashion show, with another woman passing across from her.
1426 Woman wearing white and black outfit walks down runway indoors.
1426 a woman in a short white skirt and vest jacket over a black top walks down a fashion show runway toward the camera as another model walks away from the camera at the far end of the runway
1426 A woman wearing black and white models the outfit on a long runway inside a dark room.
1427 Two Asian men sit at a table with individual trays on it, and the man in a green shirt raises his small glass to drink, followed by the man in a white shirt.
1427 2 men drink shots of liquid from small trays in front of them with plants and an urn in a recessed wall behind them.
1427 Two men in a room are sitting beside each other having a drink.
1427 An Asian man wearing a green shirt and another man wearing a black and white shirt are sitting at a table and drinking from glasses.
1427 Two Asian men in an Asian restaurant, each with a tray of multiple shot glasses, try a sample.
1428 A young woman with a large tattoo on her back is hurrying up a dark staircase with a young man in pursuit.
1428 A blond woman ascends indoor stairs followed by a man wearing a white tee shirt.
1428 A female with a tattoo on her upper back and a young man leave a room and ascend a flight of steps with the male behind the female.
1428 A young man pushes a woman with short blonde hair up an outside stairway at dusk.
1428 A young woman runs upstairs and is followed by a man inside a house.
1429 Man in kayak going down white water
1429 Man with helmet pedaling in a canoe on a river surrounded by trees ,goes over waterfalls.
1429 Sunny day as man goes white water rafting down tumultuous waters between bouldered shores.
1429 a man kayaks down some white water in an orange kayak
1429 A man in a red kayak paddles down a river outside on a sunny day.
1430 A man holds a black strap in both hands.
1430 A heavy black-belt that must be 'seamless and smooth' is held extended by a man in a blue shirt inside a room.
1430 A man holds a strong black woven nylon strap used for manufacturing seat belts.
1430 A man in a blue shirt holds a rigid strap.
1430 A man in a denim shirt holds up a black strap and discusses the detail of its construction.
1431 A young woman is attempting to stand on a surf board out in the ocean on a sunny day.
1431 A woman in a red top pushes off on a blue surfboard in front of an incoming wave in the ocean.
1431 A woman in an orange wet suit starts to ride a wave on her blue surfboard.
1431 A young woman wearing a red bathing suit and a red top lies on a surfboard as she heads toward the shore.
1431 A teenage girl with a red t-shirt is riding a wave on a blue softops boogie board.
1432 Four women holding long scarves dance in an indoor venue.
1432 Four women dancers with long hair in long dresses and sheer shawls are dancing in the dark in front of a screen which is back lit red.
1432 Four women in long dresses dance in red light, with their shawls flaring around them.
1432 4 female dancers perform in costume with red light shining on them.
1432 Four women are dancing with scarfs on a stage inside.
1433 Man in jacket and flower in lapel, holds hand of woman in white gown as both face man in suit and tie holding open book in his hands, with green evergreens in back and ornaments hanging from ceiling.
1433 a man in a grey suit marries a young couple in a park
1433 A couple gets married in a garden on a sunny day.
1433 Man performing marriage ceremony outdoors with groom and bride and bridesmaids.
1433 White bride and white groom are being married by a white middle aged official with two young bridesmaids standing near them at a garden setting at daytime.
1434 A Malaysian flag flies high in the rocks above Golden water at sunset.
1434 A striped flag blows in the wind overlooking a body of water at sunset.
1434 A man with his face covered holds a red, white, blue, and yellow flag as he stands at the edge of a lake.
1434 A flag, showing red and white stripes and an inset blue rectangle with a sun and a crescent moon, waves in the breeze outside beside mountains and a plain at sunset.
1434 A red white and blue flag with yellow stars blows in the wind.
1435 People are ice skating and a man stops to put something in his pocket at night .
1435 Three men skate on frozen arena backed by tall e-story buildings with some exterior lights at night.
1435 amidst old office buildings with lit facades, a man stuffs something into the pocket of his blue jacket and continues ice skating on a downtown plaza
1435 Skater in an outdoor ice rink at night looks in his pocket as skaters skate by.
1435 A white man with glasses places something in his pockets while ice skating in an ice skating rink at nighttime in the middle of a city.
1436 A policeman walks through and area and hides behind a wall to hide from someone.
1436 Shadowy indoor scene in which man wearing hat, double row of vertical buttons on jacket, walks to and behind mid-size cabinet and stands.
1436 a man in uniform wearing a policeman's hat walks away from the camera into a market stall and stands behind the door jamb looking out toward the camera
1436 Man in uniform goes behind a barrel.
1436 Uniformed white man walks toward a shop and stands in the doorway looking back at the street.
1437 Man skates on rail and onto street.
1437 Young man jumps over and slides down the rails on a street lined with cars and trees
1437 Man leaps onto metal fence railing, slides to end, leaps off raising arms in air.
1437 in a residential neighborhood, a man on roller blades wearing an brown jacket jumps onto a railing alongside stairs and rides it to the bottom while another man stands in the street at the bottom of the rail
1437 A man on roller skates jumps on a railing and rides down to the bottom.
1438 Woman wearing pink pants holds mike to talking woman who is putting a white dress back on rack of women's dresses.
1438 in a womenswear shop, a woman in a white top and pink slacks interviews a woman in an orange and white top and blue jeans who describes dresses off the rack
1438 A woman in a striped shirt is holding a white dress and talking to a woman in pink pants inside in a dress shop.
1438 Young woman reporter is interviewing a shop keeper who shows her some dresses.
1438 One Hispanic woman holds up a white dress to show the other Hispanic woman who holds a microphone at a clothing store indoors.
1439 2 people look at screens that report financial market activity in an otherwise empty, dark space.
1439 Two men walk into the empty floor of a large room displaying economic news in constant motion on one huge wall.
1439 Two men walk around in a large room with monitors on the wall.
1439 Two men stand in a large dark room with a vast array of financial data on hundreds of screens on the wall .
1439 Two men walk together in in a room with a circular wall of video monitors.
1440 A little girl in a white dress drinks from a large paper cup in an interior hallway.
1440 A barefoot toddler girl with brown hair wearing a white dress drinks from a big paper cup as she enters a hallway.
1440 A dark-haired toddler leaves a room and goes toward the house entrance while holding a giant drinking cup with a straw, and there she is joined by a little fat white dog.
1440 A toddler drinks from a large plastic cup with a straw and a small dog comes out of a room and into the frame.
1440 A baby walks out of a room into the hallway and then a little white dogs comes out into the hallway from another room.
1441 A radio sitting in the middle of a floor is on.
1441 A large black box with an extended black foot stands on a highly waxed floor on a TV screen as a moving row of data plays at the bottom of the picture.
1441 A speaker unit is on a polished wood floor and information is projected across the bottom of the screen constantly as on television news channel.
1441 Unidentified objects in an interior space.
1441 A flooded area is shown with financial data on a ticker running on the bottom of the screen
1442 A man dressed as Santa sits in back of a motor bike and waves up and around as the driver turns from one street to another.
1442 coming around a corner on a commercial street, a Santa Claus waves to the crowds from a yellow motorcycle sidecar followed by a bright red pickup truck
1442 A man dressed in yellow is driving a three wheel motorcycle with a man dressed like Santa.
1442 Santa on parade on a yellow motorcycle with a red truck coming around the corner in the daytime.
1442 Man in a Santa Claus clothing sits on a motorcycle decorated with two flags and waves on a street while a red pick-up truck is following them in daylight.
1443 two young men work soundboards in a dimly lit room
1443 Two men inside room, stand at a keyboard and other equipment, playing and bobbing heads.
1443 Two young deejays are using a board to create in a room..
1443 Two young adults working and adjusting a sound mixer, are standing in a dark room next to a microphone.
1443 Sound technicians operate a sound mixer in a club
1444 A man picks up a scraper of about 4-inches length off a unrolled cloth holding 5 utensils with translucent amber handles and steel cones or shanks.
1444 A man selects a hand tool from a set of tools on a counter top and leaves the shot.
1444 A man opens up a set of knives folded in a tan cloth and pulls one out.
1444 A man wearing a sweater indoors selects a chisel from a pouch of chisels.
1444 A man with a 2 tone grey striped shirt opens up a sleeve of joiners tools, selects one, and carries it away.
1445 crowd is cheering as a man walks into a room.
1445 Roomful of young people gather indoors in a large room in daylight while a person greets a newcomer with beer in his hand at the entrance, gives him a white object and shakes his hands.
1445 Man wearing cap and long sleeve jacket enters room where several men are standing one of whom retrieves something which he gives man as others cheer.
1445 a man in a grey sweatshirt stands in front of a mirrored wall showing a group of people as he greets other men as they arrive at a party.
1445 Two men are passing out folded white shirts to a group of men in a room.
1446 A tiger wades down a river while keeping an eye out for items of interest.
1446 A tiger wades through water with tall rush grasses growing on the bank.
1446 A tiger is swimming in the water outside on a sunny day.
1446 A tiger is walking through water in a river or lake.
1446 A Tiger is seen walking along a riverbank in water deep enough to almost cover his back.
1447 A man does backward summer salts across room with a wall that says happy.
1447 In large room with 'Happy In QaanaaQ' on back wall, man enters and does backflips from left to right.
1447 a young black man does back flips across a stage
1447 Young man doing Back flips across stage.
1447 Young man performs summersaults on a stage.
1448 Servers wearing yellow in a restaurant and foods and salads on display along the counter.
1448 Indoor eating area with a cook standing and people sitting and eating, near a counter filled with ready-made food .
1448 Man wearing yellow apron puts down utensil and walks toward multi-level metal cart with full food containers.
1448 the camera pans past people seated at small tables in a restaurant, then a man preparing food, then shelves of trays with vegetable dishes
1448 People are sitting around in a restaurant with a buffet.
1449 Basketball game with all black players, one team in red, the other in white, one white team player scores a point while the referee is watching along with many other spectators
1449 A basketball player breaks free and lays up a shot to the basket and scores as opposing players chase him
1449 in a crowded arena, a basketball player in a white uniform steals the ball from a player in an orange uniform, runs the length of the court, and sinks a layup
1449 Indoor basketball court as game is in process with text showing name of NC State with 1:55 time remaining.
1449 Two teams play a basketball game while people on the sidelines watch.
1450 A mixed breed dog walks to the camera and a woman stays in the background,
1450 A collie sits in a hallway, then walks off dragging a red leash.
1450 A dog sits in a room and gets up and walks away.
1450 Under text 'Special Thanks to the Beast', a tricolored collie wearing a leash sits, stands, then walks toward the camera.
1450 A sitting dog rises and walks through an interior space.
1451 Man painting a picture at an exhibition.
1451 Man is painting a large face on a poster on the wall in an indoor shopping area.
1451 Man works on painting large face of woman on black stretched canvas indoors.
1451 in a speeded up video, a man in a black t-shirt spreads thin white paint onto a poster of a woman with hair of many colors
1451 A man is drawing a large sketch of a woman's face on a black background in a booth in a large room with other booths
1452 A bald man with a gray sweat shirt looks up into the sky at dusk.
1452 Man's outline seen against night sky as he looks upward with building wings a shadow in back.
1452 in a walled space, a man in a blue shirt stares up at a twilight sky
1452 Man looking at the sky behind walls at dusk.
1452 White young man sits outdoors and looks up at the sky at dusk.
1453 Person in a hunting tower in the woods during the day.
1453 A person looking out from a small wooden structure with an opening up front, in the middle of a forest in daylight.
1453 Head and shoulders of a person visible in opening of a roughhewn wooden structure with faded poster on top, standing amid leafless trees.
1453 A man in a blue shirt stands in an elevated hunting stand
1453 A person in blue outfit is up in a hunters watch tower in the woods on a sunny day.
1454 A large crowd stands under a huge structure to watch a BMX competition at night.
1454 Rider goes over obstacles in an indoor bicycle competition.
1454 Extreme sport cyclists perform for spectators.
1454 A crowd of onlookers in an indoor sports venue watch a bicycle rider perform on very hilly constructed sets in a competition with scoreboards.
1454 People watch as skaters jump and compete in a skate board competition.
1455 A man wearing a black shirt stands indoors in front of a wall with pictures and talks into the camera while another man behind him looks at the wall.
1455 A dark-haired, bearded young man stands in front of cards showing pictures and designs in a shop with a customer looking at possible individualizing designs.
1455 A young man stands in a store talking to the camera while an older man browses t-shirts on the wall display in the background.
1455 A bearded man in probably a store gestures with his hands.
1455 A man with black hair and a beard in a black T shirt speaks with someone in a shop as a customer looks at merchandise behind him.
1456 On curving walkway at edge of city highway, line of people stand with signs and some flags of blue and yellow.
1456 people with flags and posters gather at the edge of a park near an old cathedral
1456 A group of people holding up signs are protesting in front of a park on a sunny day.
1456 Demonstrators carry flags and signs on a sidewalk.
1456 Group of men of mixed ages and mixed sex are standing on a sidewalk next to flowers, demonstrating with sign and flags during a cloudy day.
1457 View at a beach with the wind blowing and big sign with letters outdoors on a sunny day
1457 Sign on a street corner is swaying in the wind during the day.
1457 a sign wobbles in the wind in front of a park with a sign that says 'ildwood' in the background
1457 On sunny day, bent sign on pole lows in the wind with 'Wildwoods' in huge letters in background.
1457 A handicap accessible sign blows in the wind near a large sign that says Wildwood at dawn.
1458 A man uses a permanent marker and write on a paper wrapping that contains food.
1458 A man writes 'white' and 'sour' on the turned over rim of a bag containing grain.
1458 A person writes on a white paper bag with a black marker.
1458 A person with a marker writes the words 'White Sour' on a bag.
1458 A white man writes 'white sour' with a sharpie on a white fabric sack.
1459 A man in a gray shirt makes dance moves with his shoulders in his chair as he eats and enjoys his dinner.
1459 At long dining table, man sits with plate of food in front of him, holding fork and chewing and moving shoulders from side to side.
1459 a man in a light blue shirt sits at a long table with food and other people around him and rocks from side to side while eating
1459 A white man wearing a gray shirt with dots is holding food on a fork and shakes his shoulders as he chews sitting at the white clothed table with two women across one young and blonde the other middle aged gray hair.
1459 White middle ages man sits at a table and eats while swinging his body next to a white middle aged woman, a younger woman and one more person in a dining room inside a house.
1460 Off road bikers get off trail onto road with guide standing and pointing the way.
1460 Two young cyclists wearing helmets are biking down following one another thru a path in the woods as another young man is waiting for them standing next to his bike on a cloudy day.
1460 Daytime but gray, a helmeted man stands at curve of road, watching as one biker rides down dirt slope to road then signals with both hands up as a second biker emerges from the same dirt slope onto road.
1460 two bicyclists come around a hill on a narrow path and enter the road when an official on the roadside waves a baton at the second rider.
1460 Two bikers ride on the side of a mountain and join another cyclist on the road.
1461 A man and woman walk a bride down the aisle while guests watch outside on a sunny day.
1461 A crowd of people stand on a sunny day near water and trees and a slanted roof building as a distant blond woman walks through the crowd.
1461 two women in wedding outfits walk between two groups of people outside a shed in a park
1461 here comes the bride as the guests look on under a big tree in the daytime.
1461 A large gathering of white people of all ages standing outdoors under a tree, next to a house near the water at daylight.
1462 A black athlete practices running with a football jumping over his first attacker and swerving around the second in an outdoor setting with lots of people far off in the background.
1462 A man runs on a beach holding a ball under his arm, jumps over 1 person in his way and pushes back a second person in his way.
1462 Men in black and white shorts play football in the sand on a sunny day
1462 A black man carrying a football avoids two would-be tackles on a beach.
1462 A black man running with a football on the beach jumps over one man, pushes another man away, and continues running .
1463 a man in a deep red shirt walks toward the camera at night along a downtown street formal buildings on his side and parked cars on the other when a young woman steps out of an opening beside him and watches him wall on
1463 There are few building front lights as man walks down darkened city street turning once before proceeding to look at passing woman who has turned to look at him.
1463 A young man in a red shirt walks down the street and turns his head as he passes another man at night.
1463 Hispanic young man walks down street, meeting a woman on a dark street at nighttime.
1463 Man and woman eyes meet on street in evening.
1464 A man stands on his hands in an indoor basketball court and throws a ball into the basket while still on his hands.
1464 A man does a handstand on a basketball court and shoots and makes a basket from that position.
1464 A man in a red shirt stands on his hands over two basketballs and throws on into the basket on a basketball court.
1464 A man wearing a cap and a red tank top does a trick shot on a basketball court.
1464 A man in a red tank top and black pants does a handstand near the free throw line of a basketball court and shoots a basket.
1465 Cars, buses, and motorcycles move on a city street past a tall monument.
1465 An obelisk is shown in the heart of a city in South America on a cloudy day
1465 A tourist-eye view of a main square with an obelisk in a South American city shows the movement of traffic on an overcast day.
1465 An obelisk is seen at sunset on a city street.
1465 Traffic goes around a large white monument statue in the middle of a road.
1466 A parachutist glides across snowy mountains on a sunny day.
1466 A bright yellow hang glider is seen drifting above snowcapped mountains from the perspective of another hang glider.
1466 A hang-glider with a yellow parachute soars up toward the peak of a stony mountain with a sprinkling of snow on top.
1466 a person in a hang glider travels over snowcapped mountains on a clear sunny day.
1466 A person is hand gliding across snowy mountains on a sunny day.
1467 Record on turntable turns, then hand reaches in and removes player arm.
1467 a record spins on a turntable until the tonearm is lifted and the spinning slows to a stop
1467 A person takes the arm of a turntable off of a vinyl record.
1467 A hand picks up the needle arm of a PT 1000 turntable at the end of a record labeled Parental Advisory.
1467 Record is turning on a record player and someone's hand takes the needle off.
1468 A tailor is fitting a dress to a young blond woman in a dress shop.
1468 In an elegant clothes store, a woman expresses being underwhelmed in a light flowered dress and the salesman hikes up the dress above her knees to the woman's surprise.
1468 A man shows a woman in a clothing store how a dress would look at a different length by gathering some of the fabric near her waist.
1468 A man in a dark suit in a clothing store pulls up a woman's skirt.
1468 A well-dressed man in a clothing store helps a blonde woman with a long dress and suggests it be shorter.
1469 A masked snow boarder wearing red and black clothes stands their green and black board up in the snow with two black and white rectangles that look like dominoes in the left side of the shot at the beginning of the clip.
1469 A man in a red winter jacket and gloves stands up from the snow and stands upright a board with straps on it beside him in daytime in winter.
1469 A young boy in a red snow jacket places his snowboard in the snow outside.
1469 A person wearing a red jacket and black hat, gloves and pants stands up in the snow as he plants his green print snowboard vertically in the snow.
1469 A snowboarder in a red jacket sticks his board into the snow and stands up.
1470 Chef preparing food in a kitchen.
1470 Middle aged white bald man prepares a sauce and pours it over a chicken piece in a kitchen indoors
1470 Man wearing chef clothes stands at indoor counter mixing food.
1470 in a commercial kitchen, a cook uses tongs to take some stringy white food out of a bowl and put it on a bun
1470 A chef stirs a white sauce in a small metal bowl in a kitchen.
1471 Three men on an athletic field watch is a man in blue and white protective clothing waits with a Shepherd to enter a Royal Canin training event.
1471 A man with glasses who is wearing a blue and white jacket stands next to a lying dog on a field while three men watch.
1471 4 men stand around a dog on a sports field on a sunny day with spectators watching.
1471 In a grassy field with onlookers, a man stands next to a dog which lies down as three men in the field come to watch.
1471 A dog is surrounded by four men at a dog show outside sponsored by Royal Canin.
1472 Asian couple laughs at camera.
1472 Middle aged Asian couple, both man and woman wearing glasses hug as they laugh inside a room.
1472 Asian man and woman sit against white background, man has arm around woman, talks, she smiles and lowers her head as he removes his arm.
1472 a mature Asian man has his arm over the shoulders of a woman, smiles into the camera, and takes his arm away as she ducks her head
1472 An older Asian man and woman sits with their arms around each other remove their arms when they start laughing in a room with a white wall.
1473 A blonde woman is talking on the phone in an office with photos on the wall.
1473 Woman sits behind desk in office talking on phone.
1473 a blonde woman sitting at an office desk talking on the phone
1473 Woman talking on the one by desk.
1473 White blonde young woman sits at an office, under three photographs and talk on the telephone.
1474 Group of white men and women and children of all ages are watching a toy car race outdoors in daylight.
1474 Three kids and 4 adults watch a man with blue coat and blue cap set up red and yellow model cars on a track with blue gates.
1474 in a park, kids race electric cars along a straight track as elders watch
1474 Boy and girl release toy cars down track outdoors as adults watch, several with cameras.
1474 A group of people watch as toy cars race on a play speedway outside on a sunny day.
1475 People whose faces are off camera put playing cards on a game table during a card game.
1475 Several people sit around a round table playing cards for money with betting chips.
1475 Three people are sitting around a game table playing cards.
1475 'Picture Atlantic In With One Clipped Wing' by Film Antics Pictures begins with a close-up of a poker table in black and white during a game.
1475 Three persons seated at a table put chips on the table during a card game.
1476 a drummer bringing his stick down and striking something wearing a vest.
1476 Young Asian man drummer with short brown hair holds a stick about to hit on an object outdoors during daylight near a grassy area.
1476 Greenery and a wall holding panels are an outside backing for Asian man wearing sleeveless multi paneled shirt, who holds a baton over head with one hand before bringing it down swiftly while shaking short hair over his brow.
1476 a young man wearing a multi-colored vest energetically swings a white baton downward as drum music plays in the background
1476 An Asian man holding a stick in the air brings in down in front of his face outside on a sunny day.
1477 A dark-shirted band plays Latin music in a darkened entertainment venue with a large screen behind and above them showing closeups of the players.
1477 5 male musicians perform on an outdoor stage at night.
1477 An Hispanic band is playing on a stage while a video plays behind on a screen.
1477 A band is on stage in an auditorium and is playing while the accordion player sings
1477 A Hispanic ensemble performs Latin music at an outdoor night time concert.
1478 A man in a red hat gets into a car with advertisement decals on the door on a sunny day.
1478 Outside on sunny day, man wearing orange hat and shirt with blue jacket approaches open door of black car that has many stickers on the side advertising various businesses and before entering, man turns to talk and smile.
1478 a man in an orange cap and shirt starts getting into a black car with many advertising stickers on it then stops to chat and smile at someone off camera as a woman in an orange t-shirt writes on a pad in the car
1478 man speaks to camera next to his open car door.
1478 Middle aged white man in a red shirt enters a decorated car outside at a gas station during a sunny day.
1479 View of sun and wing from aircraft window.
1479 From an airplane window we see the sun shining into the plane and we see some of the wing of the airplane.
1479 From inside plane through window see wing and sun at horizon.
1479 the camera watches the low sun through the window over the wingtip of an airplane
1479 Someone is riding on a plane and looking out the window at the sun.
1480 A man with a helmet and helmet camera walks up stairs to exit a cave closing an iron gate behind him.
1480 A man wearing a white helmet and carrying a camera slung around his neck emerges from a cave and closes an iron-barred gate behind him.
1480 A man walks out of a mine and closes a gate behind him.
1480 A person walks up from a tunnel in a mountain, closes the metal gate and walks forward on the grass in daylight.
1480 A man comes out of a cave and closes a gate behind him on a sunny day.
1481 a man in a coolie hat and blue shirt sits talking on the edge of a canal in a grassy field with a few palm trees as a boy walks towards him
1481 Asian man wearing straw hat and blue top and pants, holds bucket, sits on bank of a stream and talks as small boy approaches.
1481 A man in a blue outfit and straw hat sits on the edge of a river on a sunny day.
1481 Asian man with wide straw hat sits on the bank of a river lined with palm trees as a small asian boy walks by outdoors on a sunny day.
1481 Asian young man dressed in blue with large straw hat sitting on the river bank by the field and trees as a child wearing a black t shirt walks by during the day.
1482 A man wearing glasses makes adjustments to a piece of equipment in an interior space.
1482 A middle aged man with glasses in a dark gray shirt is manipulating a large piece of equipment associated somehow with artwork.
1482 A man in a room adjusts the position of a steel crossbar in a contraption and then screw that angle so it stays that way.
1482 A man adjusts audio visual equipment indoors.
1482 A man puts together a tripod in a room.
1483 A person puts a postcard in a red mail box on a sunny day
1483 A woman's hands are shown lifting the slot for mail on a red mailbox and inserting several postcards in a wooded area.
1483 Female hands place a postcard into a red letter box.
1483 A person drops a postcard into an outdoor mailbox.
1483 A woman drops a postcard into a red mailbox mounted on an outdoor wall.
1484 Inside in long hallway, woman crouches in foreground, man stands on ladder further down hall, each painting black designs on long white wall.
1484 Three women, two wearing white tops and black pants, (the third is too distant to see clearly) paint a black ladder and archway on a white hallway wall as people walk past
1484 A woman in a black shirt is painting a ladder on the wall and someone else is painting a circle inside a room.
1484 A woman artist paints a ladder on a white wall with another artist in the background painting an arch.
1484 Two white women and several other people are working inside a building on a wall mural with one painting a black ladder on a white wall.
1485 A seated man wearing white holds the hand of a costumed woman until she rises from her sitting position..
1485 A man in a white suit with a long white coat and a woman in a long white dress, both opera performers in. period costume, rehearse movements.
1485 A woman in white sits next to a man in white on a long bench as a voiceover gives his high estimate of an opera production.
1485 2 people in white act out a scene on stage.
1485 A woman in an old fashioned long dress drops a veil and gets down to pick it up while beside a man in white suit.
1486 one of two men in green leotards with ping pong balls stuck on their chests agrees excitedly with someone off camera
1486 Man wearing snug green outfit covering all but his face, talks, smiles, then grimaces but continues smiling and nodding.
1486 A man in a lime green costume stands next to another man talking into the camera near a lime green wall.
1486 Two white young men dressed in all green clothing and green head coverings stand against a green wall in a dark background.
1486 Two men dressed in green body suits speak and smile .
1487 On a bridge with orange metal sidings that lead to a street with buildings, an Asian woman in a long black coat looks out one side of the bridge.
1487 A young woman smiles as she stands on a bridge looking over the railing with snow covered mountains in the background.
1487 An Asian woman standing on a bridge looks up into the sky on a cloudy day.
1487 An Asian woman in a dark coat arches her back as she stands looking over a wall.
1487 A young Asian woman in a black coat looks up and then over a yellow railing with a snow covered mountain in the background.
1488 Along a beach a white bird flies low, chased by a large dog in the water.
1488 An animal runs out of the tide on the beach to chase a low flying white sea bird.
1488 A dog in water chases a white duck flying close to the shore outside on a sunny day.
1488 A great cat runs through shallow water in a river.
1488 An egret flies by is a dog plays in the water at the beach
1489 Man leans over a white car and rocks it surrounded by snow outdoors near trees at daytime.
1489 Man rocking a white car in snow.
1489 a man in a blue and black jacket rocks a white car with a woman in it from side to side
1489 Outside with snow on ground, man grasps small white car at top above door and rocks it to and fro.
1489 A man in a winter jacket is pushing the side of a white car causing it to rock on a cloudy day with snow on the ground.
1490 A red car drives over a bridge on a sunny day.
1490 A red truck cab-like vehicle starts over a bridge made of trestles in a green wooded setting in front of rolling hills.
1490 A red truck slowly approaches a small bridge with mountains in the background.
1490 A vehicle prepares to cross a bridge in a mountain valley.
1490 A vintage red commercial truck driving on a dirt road with rolling hills in the background is about to cross a one Lane bridge
1491 A pink balloon and a ball lie on concrete steps.
1491 A rainbow colored ball and a pink birthday balloon are under a white table on a gray and white rug.
1491 An empty party space is shown with several chairs under a white table and a pink balloon with 'Happy Birthday' on it and a rainbow-striped balloon lie on the floor.
1491 A pink balloon and colorful ball are on the floor under the table and a tote bag is on one of the chairs.
1491 A video of a pink Happy Birthday balloon is and colored ball sit on a gray carpeted floor.
1492 Woman's hands go through pieces of paper in a metal folder.
1492 a man sifts through papers in a small metal box
1492 A persons is holding a tin box in its hand and is rumbling through it.
1492 white woman with green scarf searches inside a metal box she is holding.
1492 A person opens a small box and moves his fingers around inside the box next to a white wall.
1493 A boat named Promonade passes a castle looking building in a body of water on a sunny day.
1493 A motor-powered turquoise boat travels on a river near an old castle with cars parking near the quay and a modern town in the background.
1493 A white and turquoise boat sails down a canal with an old looking building on land.
1493 A white and turquoise motorized boat moves along a waterway in front of a castle-like stone building.
1493 A motor boat with turquoise trim passes by a historic gothic fort and parking area along the riverside.
1494 Joggers pass by with a dog on a street.
1494 People running on a road in a city street lined with stores with one dog running with them ,and people watching from the sidewalk at night time.
1494 Person wearing lighted helmet jogs down street with dog on leash, followed by two other figures, also with lighted helmets.
1494 a few people stand on a sidewalk as three people dressed in black and wearing headlamps, one of whom leads a dog, jog down the street in front of them
1494 Three policemen and a dog are running down the middle of a street at night.
1495 A young Muslim woman in black head covering speaks against a white screen in a black background.
1495 A young white Muslim woman wearing a black hijab speaks to a person and faces the camera against a gray wall.
1495 a sitting young woman in a black headscarf and caftan talks to the camera
1495 Woman with hajib overhead and wearing all black sits with back to cement and talks to person sitting across from her.
1495 A young woman in a black burka is talking to another person.
1496 A dark haired man in a red shirt scaling a rock cliff pauses to wrap his fingers high above a rocky gorge.
1496 A rock climber in a red shirt ties a bandage around his finger.
1496 A man is harnessed for safety as he tapes the middle finger of his white dust covered hand while leaning against a concrete or rock surface painted white.
1496 A man in a red shirt wraps a clay-like strip around his finger as he hangs from a rock high on a rocky wall.
1496 A man in a red shirt uses one of his hands to wraps a piece of tape around one of his fingers.
1497 Two people with helmets appear from the wheat field.
1497 White man and white woman wearing helmets walking through tall dried up grass and laughing at daylight.
1497 Outdoors, two people wearing helmets rise from among tall tasseled grasses.
1497 the torsos of two men in motorcycle helmets stand up in a field of tall grasses
1497 A man and woman in helmets are in the middle of a hay field laughing as they push the hay down on a sunny dy.
1498 A young boy scoots across a road when motorcycle is coming in a small village on a sunny day.
1498 In summertime daytime, houses, bushes and trees are on either side of a street and two children run across street as motorbike with two men comes down the street.
1498 two boys scamper across a street in a subtropical neighborhood as two men on one motorcycle ride away from the camera and toward them
1498 Boy crossing the alley as two ppl on a scooter drive by in the daytime
1498 4 dark skinned small children are playing on the road that passes between 2 houses in daylight as 2 man on a motorcycle drive by them.
1499 On a scruffy field at a distance from a white SUV with an open hatchback, a man in white shirt twirls around to launch a wooden glider into the air.
1499 A man sends a model plane into the air at the beach and gets ready to photograph it.
1499 A man throws a small remote airplane into the air and begins to control it using control device in his hands.
1499 A man in a dirt area outside throws a hand-launched glider into the air.
1499 A man dressed in a white shirt and khaki cropped pants winds up and tosses a glider into the sky in a sandy area
1500 a person looks through a book or magazine as they stand in front of shelves containing more books with a plant in front of it.
1500 A woman talks as someone flips the pages of a news-and-photos magazine inside near a window in front of a bookcase full of thick magazines or catalogs.
1500 A person is holding a book and flipping through the pages in a room in front of a book shelf.
1500 A person wearing a red and black buffalo checked shirt is flipping through glossy photos in a magazine by a bookshelf of similar magazines.
1500 A person flips through the pages of a picture magazine.
1501 A blue model race car sits on a table.
1501 A blue racing vehicle is scanned as a person looks on from behind.
1501 A video of a blue go cart is being videotaped.
1501 A bright blue toy race car is shown with electronic music playing in the background
1501 A blue model race car sits on possibly a sidewalk.
1502 Woman are walking outside with large items of their heads.
1502 Four black women in a non-US setting walk along a street with heavy loads of firewood on their heads.
1502 A trio of people go down a street each balancing something made of copper on their heads.
1502 Three women with bundles on their heads walk next to a road outdoors.
1502 Four women in short sleeves carry bundles of wood on their heads as they walk along a roadway in San Juan.
1503 A white pickup truck drives forward off a foot-high slab onto rubble-stones below in an outdoor scrub brush setting.
1503 A white flatbed truck is going over rocks, slowly.
1503 A white truck rides over rocks outside on a sunny day.
1503 A white pickup truck drives over rocks in daylight outdoors.
1503 A jacked up white pickup truck slowly rides over sun drenched rocks.
1504 Man with a mask and white clothing, sitting on the floor is drilling a hole on a white statue.
1504 A dark skinned balding man in a white protective suit and a mask drills a hole with a yellow drill at the base of a white sculpture
1504 a man in a white hazard suit and mask, drills a deep hole into a large white thing
1504 Dark man wearing mask, gloves and a white covering, kneels as he drills hole in blue circle.
1504 A man in a white suit and mask drills a hole in a tall white object.
1505 two young girls jump next to a bed with a dark orange spread in a bedroom
1505 In a barely lit bedroom, a little girl bounces up and down while holding onto one corner of a red spreaded bed then runs to another little girl flinging her arms up and out.
1505 Two little girls are playing in a bedroom when a woman with a baby walks into the bedroom.
1505 Two little girls are jumping and laughing next to a double bed inside a dark bedroom.
1505 Kids sing and dance by a bed.
1506 Group of boys and a man, all wearing yellow and black uniforms, stand in circle and toss another boy up in air.
1506 a group of men in black and yellow sports uniforms toss a colleague up and down in a stadium in a mountainous area
1506 A team of men in yellow shirts raises a team member up and down into the air on a sunny day near a hill.
1506 A team of kids and an older coach wearing yellow jerseys are lifting and tossing in the air a teammate in celebration outdoors with green hills behind them.
1506 An older man and boys wearing the same yellow uniform are raising and lowering one of the boys and cheering on a soccer field during daylight.
1507 A metal rounded barrel is set up outside with flaming charcoal piled on a grate and a person places the starter match on the flames.
1507 A person places a small wooden stick to burn in a charcoal fire of a round, black grill.
1507 Someone is demonstrating how to light a Charcoal grill outside.
1507 Someone lights a charcoal fire in a grill.
1507 A man demonstrates how to light a charcoal fire in a black kettle grill.
1508 Two women are dressed identically one in pink and one in blue do identical dance moves in a room.
1508 Two young women do a dance routine with the one in pink dress somewhat ahead of the dancer in a blue dress.
1508 The same woman is seen at one time dancing in a powder blue costume and a pink costume.
1508 Two women in glasses do a dance routine together.
1508 A woman in a pale pink dress and a woman in the same dress in pale blue, both with hair pulled back and glasses, perform a dance routine.
1509 A blonde woman in a white blouse holds a microphone and begins to sing.
1509 A woman with short blond hair stands in front of a microphone and in front of a dark curtain as music plays and she waits to sing.
1509 A woman whose hair is blown by the wind sings into a microphone.
1509 A blond woman sings into a microphone in front of a black curtain.
1509 A blonde woman with a choppy bob haircut wearing a white shirt leans back from the microphone in a pause during a performance.
1510 White bird flapping his wings and approaches to another white bird outdoors on a grassy area at daytime.
1510 Two white dove near a green dove coop , one just landed and the other is cleaning its back.
1510 a white bird lands in a yard where another one is grooming itself
1510 two white pigeons groom and walk in dirt courtyard near water.
1510 Two white chickens walk around near a small green chicken coop outside.
1511 A girl with straight hair stands in front of a computer and an older girl with curly dark hair comes in to the room and pulls on her arm to try and make her move away from the computer.
1511 A young woman works at a portable computer on a table in a bedroom when a friend comes in a pulls her unwillingly away.
1511 A woman is pulling a young girls arm trying to get her to get up and leave the room.
1511 A woman is yanking a young teenage girl working on a music video away from her laptop to go with others.
1511 An Asian girl is sitting at a desk in a bedroom with a laptop computer in front of her when another Asian woman grabs her arm and pulls her from the chair.
1512 A skier with skis strapped to his back, uses poles to climb up a craggy, snow covered mountain on a bright day.
1512 A man in a blue parka makes his way up an icefield on a mountain, carrying two poles (possibly skis?) under a blue cloudless sky.
1512 A person climbs a large white mountain with something on his back.
1512 A man in a blue jacket carrying his skis on his back climbs an icy mountain on a clear day.
1512 A climber carrying a pair of skis ascends a snowy and icy slope.
1513 A person takes off down a steep snowy hill in skis on a sunny day.
1513 On a sunny winter day, a skier starts at the top of a steep snowy incline skiing down then falls atop skies.
1513 one of two people standing on a ridge skis down a steep mountain side, falls halfway down, and slides a long way
1513 A person skis down the slope and takes a tumble
1513 A man skies down on a steep snow covered mountain on a sunny day, starts out well but falls with his skis up in the air.
1514 Mn looking sinister into the camera smoking a cigarette blowing smoke.
1514 Middle aged white man raises a hand with a black glove, holding a cigarette and smoking out the fume.
1514 Grey-haired man takes a puff from a cigarillo as he looks to side.
1514 a man with a week old beard inhales and exhales the smoke from a cigarillo, all the while staring at something to the right of the camera
1514 A man with a gray beard and hair smokes a cigarette outside.
1515 An angry woman argues with a young man driving a car as another man brandishes a gun.
1515 A boy and girl are in a car and speak with anguish as the boy looks at the camera holding a weapon.
1515 A young man a women are sitting in a car arguing outside at night.
1515 A boy at the wheel of a car puts his hands to his head as a girl and another boy in the car watch.
1515 A young man with dark hair sitting in the drivers seat of a parked car and a young woman with long hair in the passenger seat are having an animated fight.
1516 A bride and groom wearing a Hawaiian T shirt along with attendants in short turquoise dresses and children walk along a beach.
1516 A man, a woman in a wedding dress, two children, and three women in matching dresses walk on a beach next to the sea.
1516 Dressed up people walk along the sand arm in arm.
1516 On a white-sanded beach near the ocean a wedding party walks on the sand, including 3 bridesmaids in turquoise dresses, a bride in white, her groom and a boy and girl attendant.
1516 A wedding party walks along a beach on a sunny day.
1517 An older woman and man look at a small camera she holds up.
1517 Older man and woman sit as woman fiddles with camera.
1517 a man and woman look concernedly at the back of a camera
1517 woman takes picture then turns head to man next to her.
1517 Two middle aged man and woman with glasses are seated next to each other, the woman holds a camera in her hands and the man looks at her.
1518 at night, a woman sits smoking under an elevated highway as a train on elevated tracks passes between her and the highway
1518 Woman smokes cigarette and rotates her head in dimly lit outdoor area in front of building.
1518 A woman sits on a bench smoking a cigarette as a train passes her.
1518 Young woman sits on the railing of a bridge and smokes a cigarette at nighttime.
1518 woman sitting on bench indoors smoking.
1519 Man in black open collared suit stands against reddish background, talks, and gestures with both hands.
1519 a man in a black suit and black shirt stands in front of a deep red wall and talks to the camera
1519 A man in a black suit speaks into the camera whiling in front of a red wall.
1519 Middle aged white man with a black shirt and black jacket is explaining a lesson and gesticulating and an exam standing up before a red background.
1519 White middle aged man with thinning light color hair stand and talk against a red wall background indoors.
1520 A small white toy plane flies remotely near a cliff outside on a sunny day.
1520 A toy white plane flies near a rocky shore with onlookers near a body of water on a cloudy day.
1520 A remote control airplane is flown on the side of a mountain on a clear day.
1520 A white glider rides the air currents at a beach in bright daylight.
1520 A white glider soars and dips over the water as people on the shoreline cliff watch.
1521 Water cascades down rocks in a wooded area outdoors in daylight.
1521 Water pours down rocks in a wooded setting.
1521 A video of a waterfall coming down a mountain outside on a sunny day.
1521 A close-up of a waterfall flowing over jagged moss covered rocks is shown.
1521 A small waterfall lows over rocks in the daylight.
1522 Under ruler at top of table, male hands place three note papers.
1522 on a wooden bench with a metal ruler across its back, hands align four note cards in a row toward the edge of the bench
1522 Someone lays a white card next to two others on a wooden table.
1522 A person is arranging 3 white notes with a sentence printed on each on a wooded table with a white ruler.
1522 Hands of a person is lining up white pieces of paper with printing on them, on a table next to a ruler.
1523 a woman in maroon gym clothes lifts a barbell from chest height to arms fully extended over her head
1523 Barefooted woman wearing red bra and long pants hoists weight with both hands above her head.
1523 A woman in a burgundy athletic outfit picks up a weight bar and holds it over her head in a room with exercise equipment.
1523 Young white women dressed in a two part attire lifts a weight above her head inside a gym.
1523 A woman is showing how to lift weights in the gym.
1524 On a narrow cobblestoned street in Europe a woman in a coat walks in front of an orange-painted wall and shows the red rose she is carrying.
1524 A young woman wearing a warm coat walks with a rose down a cobble stoned street and appears to offer the rose to the person recording.
1524 A young woman holding a rose walks through a very narrow street between two buildings.
1524 A woman wearing a dark coat and white boots and carrying a rose walks down a narrow brick city street
1524 A woman wearing a blue hooded puffy coat and white boots and carrying a single red rose looks back as she walks through a narrow cobblestone alley.
1525 Two men in helmets speak with a man holding a yellow pitcher as bicyclists pass on a dirt road in a mountain area.
1525 Two cyclists in Giant jerseys flank a man wearing a Dryland polo near a Dryland canopy holding red beverage in a green pitcher.
1525 Two sportsmen in white helmets stand talking at a field meet with a man in a baseball cap holding a big pitcher of a pink liquid as bicyclists pass by on the edge of the field
1525 2 men who were in a bike riding event flank a man in an orange cap who holds a yellow pitcher of orange liquid as they all stand under a red awning.
1525 A man in a biking helmet it talking to two other men standing near him outside on a sunny day.
1526 Three oriental men stand in rear of window-lit room as another, wearing white, raises hands slowly with one motioning out.
1526 several youths in white t-shirts with Asian characters and black trousers stand behind an Asian man who is slowly going thru judo-like motions in front of a person in a black top
1526 While a group of people watch a man in a white karate shirt makes hand move with another person on the floor.
1526 Martial art instructor shows a move with his hands as
1526 A group of young man, some Asian, are observing an Asian young man performing Karate moves during daylight inside a room.
1527 a man in a dark t-shirt and jeans walks in front of the camera to a table, picks up a can of something, throws it on the floor and scrapes two bottles from the table to the floor
1527 Man walks into room, picks up can from small table, looks at it, throws it down, then sweeps remaining bottle and can from table onto floor.
1527 A man in a black tee shirt walks over to a table and knocks a bottle and a can off of it then walks away.
1527 Young white man walks over to a table, lifts up a drink and throws it down along with two plastic bottles inside a room during daylight.
1527 Young white man with blue t shirt and jeans goes towards a shelf unit and picks up a container then throwing away the container and knocking two bottles off the shelf as he walks away.
1528 Two men on skateboards are flying down a long road outside on a sunny dy.
1528 Man wearing black and white helmet, hunches over wheeled skateboard going down paved road under blue sky with hill on one side.
1528 two male skateboarders ride down a steep, curved road in arid terrain
1528 skateboarder going down a hill fast.
1528 Two young man, one of them white, are skateboarding downhill on a road leaning forward on a sunny day.
1529 A young Asian man wearing a white shirt and glasses and sitting in front of mail slots rubs his fingers on his forehead as he speaks to someone not shown,
1529 A man indoors wearing glasses and a white shirt holds his hand to his forehead while speaking.
1529 A bespectacled, dark haired man leans his head on his hand as he speaks to someone off camera while he is in front of work mailboxes.
1529 A dark-haired man with dark glasses leans his head on his hand and then raises his head and says something while he's inside in front of a cubbyhole mail drop.
1529 A man in a white shirt wearing glasses is talking to someone while standing in front of an office mailbox.
1530 A black-and-white dog walks toward and past the camera on an overcast day, starting from a paved road and onto close-cut grass.
1530 An adult black and white dog crosses a road.
1530 A black and white dog walks across a street on a sunny day.
1530 A black and white dog with a collar walks across a paved road outside in daytime.
1530 A medium sized black dog with white trim wearing a light green collar walks across the sidewalk in the grass toward the camera
1531 two young men on a solar energy farm pass a solar panel over head toward the panel support structure
1531 During daytime under cloudy skies, two men pass large white square from atop head of one in back to one in front.
1531 Two men in baseball caps are installing solar panels outside on a cloudy day.
1531 Two people are carrying a large white flat object over their heads outdoors on a cloudy day.
1531 Two men installing a solar panel on a roof
1532 A man with a black patch over one eye walks into a room speaking to someone.
1532 At night. man wearing black eyepatch over left eye walks toward light and viewer, frowns slightly, and lowers head as he keeps moving.
1532 a man in a dark blue t-shirt with a black patch over his left eye slows down and speaks to someone in front of him
1532 Young man with eye patch.
1532 Young hispanic man with a black eye patch walks by outdoors at night on a dark street.
1533 man shows his cast to a child in the playground , tapping it .
1533 Young white man with bandaged arm squatting across a toddler and pointing at his injured arm outdoors surrounded with toys.
1533 Outdoor sand covered playground in daytime where man wearing dark short sleeved shirt and black and white glove on left hand crouches in front of young bare foot boy wearing red shirt and taps his glove as boy reaches toward it.
1533 On a playground, a crouching man in a black polo shirt and grey shorts points to a cast on his left wrist in front of a sitting child in an orange t-shirt
1533 A baby is sitting in front of a man stooping in front of him and the baby reaches for the man's broken arm.
1534 white man with dreadlocks stands in front of brick building, talks, and places hand on plastic bags piled in bike basket.
1534 a man with dreadlocks wearing a black t-shirt stands next to a yellow bike and talks about some plastic bags in a basket on its handlebars
1534 A man with dread locks in his hair is talking about a paper in a grocery cart outside of a brick building in the daytime.
1534 Deadlocked man pointing at logos on bags in bike basket.
1534 White man middle aged, with long dread locks is pointing at a cart with plastic bags outside on a street during day light.
1535 A group of white people wearing helmets bicycling in a park on a sunny day while one man is standing on the side watching them.
1535 Mountain bike riders come around a bent with a flag man guiding them through.
1535 a large group of bicyclists come around a bend in a leafy, paved path toward the camera
1535 Seven bikers, wearing helmets, bike down dirt road on sunny day with bare trees and underbrush at either side.
1535 People are riding their bikes on a dirt road with bushes on throughout the trail.
1536 3 young children are coached on using their skateboards by 2 adult men at an urban outdoor skate park.
1536 Three young children in helmets try to mount skateboards in a playground setting appropriate for beginners, with two adults nearby to help.
1536 Little children wearing helmets are standing on skateboards in front of a skate arena outside.
1536 Three young children wearing helmets take a skateboard lesson as several teenagers on scooters use a graffiti covered ramp behind them.
1536 Children ride skateboards and scooters down a ramp in a skateboard park.
1537 Man in white shirt walks along a small lake next to houses on a hazy day.
1537 Man walking between lake and village on a stormy day.
1537 a young man walks along the grassy shore of a lake with a village in the middle distance
1537 Grey steam rises from one to three story buildings in background as blue jeaned man walks along grassy shore of a lake in daytime.
1537 A person is walking alongside a body of calm water near an area with houses and buildings in the background on a sunny day.
1538 A man in a striped shirt is holding a tray of live bees.
1538 A man in a black and white striped shirt and blue jeans is holding a honeycomb frame from a beehive in his bare hands.
1538 A man holding a honey comb of bees in an outdoor setting says the bees are from Europe.
1538 A man holds a display of bees up to the camera.
1538 A man in a black and white shirt holds a rack of bees.
1539 Shown from the back of an airplane, with 2 seats on one side and 3 on the other, a young dark-haired boy walks up the aisle and turns into a row with 3 seats.
1539 A small child changes seats on a train as seen from behind.
1539 People are sitting in blue seats riding on a train in the daytime. a
1539 Passengers sit on a moving train.
1539 A little boy with black hair returns to his seat near the rear of a plane with white interior and bright blue seats
1540 A woman stands outdoors during daytime dressed in completely white as people walk past her.
1540 In a public park, men, women and children walk, many in costume, and pass a woman mime standing statue still and trying to collect money.
1540 A crowd files through a theme park exhibit and a little girl notices a person painted white and working as a 'human statue' subtly dancing to music.
1540 Pedestrians pass a street performer in white in a sandy area outdoors.
1540 A woman in a long dress, completely covered in white, stands like a statue as people file by, many in costume, at a festival in the park
1541 a man in a green t-shirt skateboards off a ramp and falls when the board lands
1541 Skateboarder leaps down slide, falls.
1541 A man uses a skateboard to make a jump and falls to the ground outside on a sunny day.
1541 Young man on a skateboard jumps over an obstacle and falls to the ground observed by 2 young men in a park outdoors during evening hours.
1541 Skate boarder jumps over ramp and falls down in skate board park.
1542 A male surfer in swim suit rides a wave on his board.
1542 A surfer wearing a blue and white shirt paddles on a green surfboard, catches a wave, and then begins to stand up.
1542 A man on a yellow surfboard paddles until he catches a wave and stands up in a wobbly manner.
1542 A surfer rides a wave on his surfboard.
1542 A man rides his surf board through waves then comes to a standing position on a sunny day.
1543 Men with helmets are sitting on large skateboards and lining up outside on a sunny day.
1543 People in protective clothing with helmets prepare to ride wheeled, low to the ground boards downhill on asphalt.
1543 Along a badly paved roadway, a group of helmeted men sit on skateboard-like boards and propel them slowly down the road.
1543 Five riders dressed in various colors on snowboards with wheels gather on a cracked asphalt road.
1543 Street luge racers prepare to go downhill on paved road in mountains.
1544 A bride gives her groom a fork full of cake.
1544 a woman in a white lacy dress and scarf feeds a bite of white cake to a man in a black tux and bow tie
1544 Woman in wedding gown and head dress, feeds a fork full of cake to man wearing suit and bow tie.
1544 White bride in a wedding dress and a white groom standing facing each other as the bride feeds the groom a piece of cake with a plastic fork inside a room with lights.
1544 A white blonde bride dressed in pink feeds the groom who wears a black tuxedo with black bow tie a piece of the wedding cake with a fork.
1545 A woman plays an instrument with other band members as she walks around the area in front of them at night.
1545 a male guitarist and female bagpiper and a male drummer perform
1545 On two separate stages, a drummer plays drums on higher stage and a man playing guitar and a woman blowing into a bagpipe bag perform on the lower stage in outdoor area with overhead lights and stores in distance.
1545 White woman with long hair playing a bagpipe and a young white man playing a guitar with a drummer behind them on a stage are playing music on a street during night time.
1545 A guitar player with a baseball cap and black tee shirt strums fast as the harp player strums and walks towards him while the drummer is playing fast on his crimson drums on stage.
1546 A group of men are sitting in a circle at a camp site with tents up outside/
1546 several men sit leisurely on folding lawn chairs in front of some tents
1546 Something moves fast over paved drive, past group of men sitting at side in chairs with open aired tent roof structures in back.
1546 Young white men are sitting in lawn chairs next to a tent and a camper in a campground outdoors during daylight.
1546 5 men sitting in campsite during the day.
1547 A young boy with a backpack on walks through the woods in the daytime.
1547 in a pine forest, a young man in a blue jacket and red shirt walks past some overturned canoes and into the camera
1547 A young man wearing dark jacket, carries circular wire with metal object in one hand, changes it to the other, walks between row of kayaks laid on bank, points to someone, and proceeds in that direction.
1547 Young man with red and black shirt passes surfboards on the ground in a forest lined with tees while pointing with his left hand during daylight.
1547 Man walking in the woods between canoes, snapping his fingers as he walks towards the camera during the day.
1548 A man is walking across a large body of snow
1548 A hiker using walking sticks walks in the snow toward some black rocks.
1548 A person dressed in dark clothes walks over a snowy field following a packed trail using two ski poles.
1548 A backpacker dressed in black hikes with polls in the snow toward a rocky area
1548 A person wearing a heavy jacket, scarf, and cap walks on a path in the snow.
1549 A person flies through the air in a blue air glider on a sunny day.
1549 a hang glider on a blue glider coasts over farmland with another glider in the same sky
1549 Sky parachutist rides over distant scene under blue parachute.
1549 Crescent blues balloon with a person sitting inside is floating over a valley and mountains as other balloons are flying by on a hazy day.
1549 Two para gliders gliding across a valley.
1550 An older woman in a chair with glasses on is talking into the camera while sitting in front of a dresser and television.
1550 An older woman dressed in blue and black sweaters sits in a chair with a bowl of food in her lap gesturing with her very long hands as she speaks to a person off camera.
1550 An old woman with dyed reddish brown hair sits in front of a chest of drawers and next to a television set talks to a listener.
1550 An older woman sitting in a chair in front of an antique dresser on one side and a TV on the other is talking about a family heirloom table, not shown, that her deceased father had purchased.
1550 A woman wearing glasses and sitting in a chair in front of a wooden cabinet has a bowl of food on her lap.
1551 A group of women in yellow orange and green dresses dance with men in black hats in a straight line in a room.
1551 women in different colored dresses escorted by men in black pants, shirts, berets, and ties matching the dress color of the dress of the woman they are with file onto the stage and dance
1551 Six couples, men and women uniformly dressed, men in black suits and hat and women in bright colored dresses, move into line swaying.
1551 Group of women in colorful dresses and men next to them in black, are line dancing inside a dance hall, next to a big screen on the wall.
1551 A folk dance troupe with 5 men dressed in black with black hats and blue ties dance with 5 women dressed in yellow green and blue dresses on a stage
1552 A man in a cowboy hat is standing next to another man and talking while sitting in front of guitars hanging on a wall behind them.
1552 2 men stand in front of a wall of guitars as one points and talks.
1552 A young man in an open white shirt and a vest stands next to a man in a suitcoat and hat who directly addresses the video's audience in a guitar shop.
1552 Two men in western dress standing in front of a wall of guitars ask customers to come in and buy something cheap.
1552 A bearded man in western clothing and another man wearing a vest stand in front of a guitar display in a store.
1553 A man in a bike helmet s standing in a group of people talking outside on a sunny day.
1553 A man wearing a bike helmet at a group event gestures in front of himself and behind himself as he stands among other people in the sunshine.
1553 A man with a grey bicycle helmet points behind him to a group of onlookers at an outdoor race under a cloudless sky.
1553 A bicyclist with a black helmet and red and yellow shirt stands in front of a crowd of bicyclists of all ages ready to ride.
1553 A group of bicyclists is congregated in a city street in daylight.
1554 A boy in a striped shirt puts something in a school locker while a group of guys are walking around in the hallway and up and down the stairs.
1554 a teenage boy in a blue, black, and brown hoodie puts a black bag into a hallway locker as other boys walk past him going up and down a staircase
1554 There are lockers at the foot of stairs and several young men move to go upstairs as one high fives another and one boy goes through his open locker.
1554 Young high school students inside a school next to a staircase while one of them leans down at the lockers on the right.
1554 Young teen approaches his locker as other kids high five in background near the stairs in school.
1555 A video taping of under the sea in the daytime.
1555 the camera pans along the encrusted hull of a sunken ship
1555 Underwater view of ship wreckage covered in barnacles.
1555 Old objects are shown in deep blue waters, with daylight seeping in
1555 A view underwater of a ship wreck , its deck and its windows
1556 Older women are pushing strollers with food in the middle of the street during a parade.
1556 People wearing costumes of gray wigs and black clothing push baby carriages of vegetables and fly the flag of Ireland as onlookers cheer for them.
1556 In a parade with onlookers, marchers display produce, including several gray haired women pushing baby buggies full of vegetables and produce.
1556 A group of elderly women with gray hair dressed in black with black shawls wave to the crowd as they push loaded buggies in a Saint Patrick's Day.
1556 Participants in a parade, including a man pushing a bicycle, walk in a city street.
1557 A woman with paper glasses attempts to tough her two fingers in front of her.
1557 a young woman wearing 3-D glasses brings her fingertips together vertically in front of her face
1557 Woman wears 3-d type glasses and raises finger to touch top of a finger coming down at her side.
1557 White woman with colored glasses raises one hand with her pointer finger stretched out to her other hand with her pointer stretch out till the two fingers meet.
1557 a young white man with long black hair and 3D glasses connects both index fingers.
1558 A man with several musical instruments on his back plays music while walking down a street on a sunny day.
1558 A person who is outfitted with numerous musical instruments marches on a city street playing music.
1558 A one-man band busker walks with an accordion, a cymbal and a boombox strapped to his back as he walks along a pedestrian street with small shops.
1558 A one man band wearing a red helmet walks along a city street as a bicyclist goes by and honks a horn.
1558 A man equipped as a one-man band walks down a city street playing.
1559 A young man bounces on the back wheel of a bicycle outside at night.
1559 on a slightly downhill ramp, a man on a bicycle bounces along on his back wheel and then jumps the bike onto the horizontal wall above
1559 In well-lit area at night, boy wearing hat bounces on back wheel of bike then while on bike leaps up to short cement wall.
1559 Young man balances on a bicycle on the small back wheel and jumps up on a fence with the bike at night time.
1559 A young bicyclist with brown pants and a tan shirt and a beige wool hat bounces with a small bike and eventually jumps up[ a small wall at night in a bicycle course.
1560 A man comes down a ski slope fast and takes a jump over off a hill on a sunny day.
1560 a ski boarder comes down a mountain and does tricks as he soars over two ramps
1560 Man on snowboard rises up in air over one mound of snow and continues down slope to rise up again.
1560 Person snowboarding, jumps twice over hills on a snow covered mountain in sunlight.
1560 A snow boarder is going downhill fast after a high jump with snow covered trees behind him.
1561 A man ice skates on one leg past a young girl and woman on a street outside on a sunny day.
1561 A man on skates skates out on a frozen stream as a young girl and woman on skates, watch him.
1561 A person in winter clothes skates forward on an icy surface watched by a woman and a blonde little girl, also on skates.
1561 A man in a dark blue jacket and blue jeans ice skates on one leg along a stream as a woman and young girl, also in ice skates, watch.
1561 A man dressed in black skates on a frozen canal while a woman and a girl watch.
1562 Two young boys hold onto a rope and swing into a pond outside on a cloudy day.
1562 2 young men swing on vines into a lake.
1562 Two boys in swim trunks swing from beside a tree into a pond in a country setting near a mountain on a foggy day.
1562 Two young men with brown hair swing from a rope over a pond and jump in.
1562 Two boys swing on ropes and drop into an outdoor pond.
1563 A person jumps from a cliff into the water outside on a sunny day.
1563 A male in white swim trunks jumps from some rocks into a body of water with steep banks that have greenery and rocks.
1563 A person outside in daytime jumps into a body of water from a flowered bank about 10 feet from the water.
1563 A man with a red shirt and white trunks is seen amidst lush vegetation jumping off a rocky gorge into the water below.
1563 A man in white shorts leaps from a rock cliff into a pool in a creek.
1564 Two small girls dressed in costumes speak into the camera.
1564 two children in native costumes of western South America sit in front of a grey wall and smile and look around
1564 Voiceover identifies one of the two girls wearing hats with colorful additions and sitting on the ground as her daughter who weaves small articles.
1564 Two young Hispanic girls in colorful attire smile outdoors next to a stone fence.
1564 two females with traditional hats sit on a couch and speak.
1565 A bride and groom are jumping up and down dancing as their guests surround them clapping inside a large room.
1565 A couple dances together in the middle of a group of people.
1565 A bride and groom jump up and down in a daytime celebration in a party room, surrounded by friends, and one raises a bottle of beer in their honor.
1565 A bride jumps with and embraces a man in a gray shirt and black vest surrounded by a celebratory crowd at a daytime reception.
1565 People clap for a couple that is dancing at an indoor event.
1566 A man in a boxing ring walks around trying to get the audience to applaud for him.
1566 a man in cage-fighting ring with an orange floor walks around posing for the audience
1566 Black man wearing boxing gloves raises arms towards sitting audience as he walks in red-based elevated ring.
1566 Black man holds out his arms in a boxing arena while the referee holds out a hand toward the audience.
1566 FIGHTER CELEBRATING IN ARENA.
1567 People are standing around watching a person at the top of a large slide outside on sunny day.
1567 A woman and 3 children stand by a scaffold structure in a desert environment with other people and vehicles around.
1567 In a scrubby desert setting a very tall construction supports a wide slide with several people near the peak and a family at the bottom of the slide.
1567 Four children look at a tall orange Nitro Circus Live ramp next to 2 small jumps set up in a vast area with mountains in the distance.
1567 People stand next to a ramp bearing the words 'Nitro Circus' in a sandy area in the mountain..
1568 Two men are performing in a play on a stage with a red curtain.
1568 two young men, one facing back stage and wearing a grey sweater and the other, wearing a red sweater, facing him and talking,
1568 On a stage indoors furnished only with two empty chairs, , one younger man wearing crimson long sleeve shirt, talks to older man facing him.
1568 Two young white males, one with a red shirt and light colored hair, the other with white shirt and dark hair are on a stage performing to an invisible clapping audience.
1568 two man acting on a stage with red curtain
1569 A young asian man wearing a black shirt and red hat is inside and eating something with chopsticks.
1569 A young man in black shirt and red hat eats rice using thin ohashi sticks to feed himself.
1569 An Asian boy in a black t-shirt and a red baseball cap sits in a non-smoking area and eats with chopsticks.
1569 A young Asian man wearing a red and black baseball cap and black shirt eats a piece of white fish with chopsticks in a cafe
1569 An Asian boy in a red cap eats with chopsticks.
1570 A woman sings into a microphone while a man next to her plays the guitar in a dark room.
1570 a woman sings into a mike then, from a more distant viewpoint, the image shows there is a male guitarist playing near her
1570 Dark indoor area, seated man wearing hat plays guitar and seated woman with dark top and black and white skirt sings into mike.
1570 Young woman with long black hair sits and sings next to a man with straw hat playing the guitar outdoors in a dark setting.
1570 A singer croons as the guitar player plays.
1571 A woman is putting something in the back of car while talking to someone outside on a sunny day.
1571 an obese woman in a purple top slides something into the trunk of her car as she talks to someone near a yellow van
1571 Large woman stands in back of black van with door up holding gas tank nozzle and talks to unseen person.
1571 White heavy set older woman with white hair places an item in a trunk of a silver car which stand next to a yellow van in the countryside on a cloudy day.
1571 Woman loading object into back of car in driveway with yellow van next to her.
1572 An aerial view of a warehouse with large white pallets on the lot in back
1572 An overhead view shows pallets of wrapped materials outside of an industrial building made of corrugated, grey metal with a blue roof.
1572 Pallets of boxes are lined up outside a large warehouse on a sunny day.
1572 Pallets of construction material are stacked in a parking lot outside a warehouse in a light industrial area.
1572 Goods lie stacked in a paved area behind a warehouse.
1573 A couple getting married exchange their vows in front of guests then share a kiss.
1573 People sit in chairs and watch an elderly man speak to a dressed up man and woman who stand in front with 4 other people and kiss each other.
1573 In a wedding venue, a husband and wife kiss in front of guests and with white screens showing groomsmen and bridesmaids lined up on either side.
1573 A groom in a gray vest kisses his bride after a minister with white hair and beard pronounces the couple man and wife.
1573 A groom kisses his bride as a minister completes the wedding ceremony.
1574 Two men perform on a stage inside.
1574 among some hay bales, two men, one in a brown vest and white shirt sitting in an orange barber chair and the other in a dark red shirt standing next to him, stare at the camera
1574 In large room with floor to ceiling drapes on either side, white bearded man sits on chair with arm rests as black man with beard stands behind with hand on back of first man's chair.
1574 A white man with a beard and red jacket, stands next to a seated white man with a beard in a black vest, posing on a stage next to straw bundles inside a room.
1574 Two bearded men one sitting on hay bales one standing with a saddle next to them.
1575 A man in black pants pushes air out of a black trash bag on his knees.
1575 A person is trying to condense something in a shopping bag by pressing it down.
1575 A woman dressed in black presses on a bundle in black plastic and she applies pressure and then turns the bag to again press on it.
1575 A white man in a blue shirt and grey cargo pants kneeling in rocky soil compresses something Into a black bag.
1575 A man wearing a ring is squeezing some inflated object.
1576 A group of people are watching as a car goes up and down inside a large barn.
1576 Men in an indoor space pull down a customized car so an audience can see it.
1576 In a huge warehouse, onlookers sit watching as a long car raised on its back two wheels drops down and bounces up again, aided by the shove of a technician.
1576 In a hanger, a crew of men dressed in black are bouncing a red car up and down on its rear wheels as an audience watches.
1576 Six men in a large commercial garage area watch a car equipped with hydraulic lifts bouncing..
1577 Three women are sitting next to each other talking in a yellow room.
1577 A young woman in a denim jacket and blue shirt points to her fingers while talking to two other women
1577 Three white women, two wearing glasses, middle one with no glasses gestulates and talks as text scrolls across bottom saying 'we were immigrants' then listing several nations.
1577 Three white women sitting indoors around a table in daylight while in discussion.
1577 3 women sitting at a table during the day talking
1578 A man in a hammock is being flown by drones outside on a sunny day.
1578 A man rides in a mechanized hammock outdoors.
1578 A man in a large hammock flies into a park hanging from a contraption with two sets of two wheels joined by a pole
1578 A man drifts by in a hammock piloted by an innovative drone with four propellers.
1578 A man in a blue vest rides in a rope hammock that is suspended under two large drones outdoors.
1579 Two white men are holding microphones and squatting on the ground while people stand behind them and one of them holds a skateboard.
1579 2 men squat on the ground and one addresses the group of skateboarders around them.
1579 In a sports event setting two seated men with microphones make announcements to young men with competition numbers for a skateboarding competition.
1579 Two announcers crouched down with microphones are surrounded by a crowd at a skateboard event
1579 Two men with microphones squat on the ground amid a crowd of mostly young men.
1580 Two girls in pink ballet costumes sitting in front of each other clap hands with each other.
1580 two little girls in light orange dance costumes play patty-cake and giggle
1580 Two young girls sit facing each other and play patty-cake, and smile after missing a hand pass.
1580 Two Hispanic young girls in a ballet uniform are laughing and playing a clapping game indoors in a room.
1580 two kids sitting on the floor playing .
1581 Two men take their shoes off and dip the into a cooler while other walk around them outside.
1581 a person in a dark top takes a pair of jogging shoes out of a blue bin then a man in a blue jacket puts a pair in
1581 On a boardwalk, woman retrieves from box a pair of shoes with red stripes and a man bends to put in pair of shoes.
1581 People on bridge over water dip their shoes in a bucket as they pass during daylight.
1581 People with back packs on dip their shoes in a blue container.
1582 A young girl swings on a swing outside on a playground.
1582 A dark haired little girl in a blue skirt and top swings on a swing set across from a public building and some benches where an old man sits.
1582 A little dark-haired girl on a swing swings back and forth in a playground somewhat below street level in a residential area of white buildings.
1582 A little girl with Brown hair in an embroidered shirt and denim skirt swings on a yellow swing set on concrete across from benches
1582 A girl swings on a swing set into concrete next to a street.
1583 A man in a white shirt approaches a table with a plate of food and begins to sit down.
1583 A smiling man makes his way to his seat in an indoor area with a plate of food in his left hand.
1583 A smiling man with a beard and moustache walks to a table, carrying a plate of food, inside a restaurant and begins to sit down.
1583 In a large dining area, a dark haired man with a beard is walking with a plate of food in one hand and a fork in the other.
1583 A man wearing a white shirt carries a plate of food to a table in a cafe.
1584 People wearing costume masks throw a powder into the air outside.
1584 five people in white full-face masks stand in a group as one of them throws blue powder into the air spattering all of them
1584 In twilight, six people wearing complete white face painted masks move among rising columns of steam, raising hands.
1584 Five adults of different races are wearing masks and throwing around pastel colored powders in a hazy surroundings
1584 people throwing colorful dust on themselves outside.
1585 Two men with gray hair are performing in a room with paneled walls.
1585 2 gray haired men dressed in black perform music.
1585 A grey-haired man with a beard plays a guitar, standing behind another older, bearded man with a brown t-shirt, probably holding a musical instrument.
1585 A musician with a bushy gray ponytail and beard is jamming on the guitar behind another musician holding a saxophone on a strap, both in black T shirts.
1585 Teo bearded men wearing tee shirts play guitars in an indoor venue.
1586 A man is talking as a video is being shown with a woman walking down a street.
1586 There are side by side shots of a man in a dark jacket in a wood paneled room and a woman outdoors carrying her shopping in 1 hand with a purse over her shoulder.
1586 A man delivers a speech next to a picture of a woman in a grey tunic carrying a brown shoulder bag and a plastic bag with groceries walking down a landscaped road.
1586 A man in a small frame gives a video presentation as a photo of a young woman carrying a white bag is shown.
1586 A man in glasses and a black jacket is seen in one frame while a woman carrying a plastic bag is seen in another frame.
1587 Women dressed the same carrying large balloons walk in a parade outside at night.
1587 a line of young women carrying decorative balloons walk toward and past the camera
1587 Parade of women all wearing shorts and many waving balloon figures parade with spectators on both sides going from outside to inside setting with text at bottom identifying as Clubhasosan.
1587 Young white and asian girls in shorts carrying banners and plastic toys are marching at an indoor shopping area with shops on both sides.
1587 Asian young women wearing white tops and shorts parade through a market at night holding gold balloons.
1588 A young man in a gray shirt paints the side of a wall black outside.
1588 a woman in a grey t-shirt stand in the blue cage of a cherry-picker crane and pushes something on a long yellow pole back and forth against the back of an orange and yellow sign
1588 White human stands upright on blue metal machine and vigorously pushes long handled pole back and forth on high wall.
1588 Young white female performs a task using a long stick moving the stick back and forth standing on an elevated platform outdoors during daylight.
1588 Man on a lift is painting a wall with black paint.
1589 A man in a black and white shirt walks to a kitchen sink then turns around looking frustrated.
1589 a man wearing a grey and brown sweater bends over a kitchen counter facing a window then stands and turns to face the camera.
1589 Dark haired man enters scene walking toward table with items on it including a plant, standing against window with partially open venetian blind, then leans down, then turns and looks slightly to the side,
1589 Young white man walks toward the window next to the kitchen sink, turns around to show a sad expressions.
1589 Man leaning on counter in front of a sunny window looking worried as he turns towards camera..
1590 Women on a beach are stretching long red and white scarf out in their hands and letting the wind blow through them.
1590 pairs of women stretch out long pieces of cloth to air them
1590 Two women hold either end of long colorful cloth on windy beach as another woman unwraps cloth.
1590 Women are spreading red and white materials across during strong sunny day on a sandy area as several men are watching them from a distance
1590 people hold big cloth in desert.
1591 A man in a shirt plays a violin outside on a sunny day.
1591 a man with a gray goatee wearing sunglasses plays an electric violin across the street from an old fortress-like building
1591 Bearded man wearing tinted glasses and hat plays violin outdoors with storied buildings and standing light fixtures at rear.
1591 White older man with a beard is standing next to a street lamp and an old castle and playing a violin on a sunny day.
1591 A middle aged man with a short beard and glasses and a hat plays the violin outside during the day in front of the castle.
1592 A person is making things out of balloons while children are waiting with excitement.
1592 Children laugh as a clown makes balloon animals and an older man rests against a blue car.
1592 Asian children laugh and watch fascinated as a clown twists a balloon into a fabulous shape
1592 Three Asian girls and a young Asian boy are entertained by a clown on the sidewalk making balloon figures.
1592 A clown dressed in red ties a balloon for an Asian child.
1593 A boy in a white shirts rides his bicycle in an inside arena with lights on.
1593 a man rides a small bike across a tube and turns at the top of the other side
1593 In large indoor arena, man rides bike, twirling it then proceeding to ramp where he rides it up, turns, proceeds back.
1593 Bicyclist is performing difficult stunts riding on a bike inside an arena designated for bike riding lit by artificial light.
1593 Extreme bike rider performs tricks in an arena.
1594 An elephant stands at the edge of the water drinking water.
1594 two elephants drink at a bend in a river in semi-arid country
1594 Still outdoor scene of river and wooded areas with tusked elephant standing on one bank.
1594 Elephants and a few other animals are standing next to a river and green shrubs outdoors on a sunny day.
1594 An elephant is drinking from the river.
1595 A person holding a yellow basket starts to walk down an isle draped in pink and white.
1595 A room is decorated with pink and white fabric and people sit in rows of black chairs facing front.
1595 In an elaborately draped social space (with pillars and flowers) several people sit watching the dais with a speaker's platform and a trunk as someone holding a yellow bag enters from the back.
1595 The aisle leading to the stage is decorated with pink and white fabric and flowers and the audience waits for the event to begin.
1595 Several persons sit in possibly a church decorated in pink.
1596 People are standing in line to get food while two women are off to the side talking in a tent on a sunny day,
1596 A woman talks to another woman who is eating something at an event held inside a plastic tent with other people in the background who look at a display on a table.
1596 In a tent in daylight set up with tables of vendors/presenters, a short-haired blonde woman eats a snack while a woman in a dark red dress explains a point with gestures.
1596 A young woman tries a snack sample as she listens to another young womans presentation in a tent at an outdoor Free Range Science Fair.
1596 Two white women speak to each other near a sign that says 'Free Range Science.'
1597 A tattoo artist is tattooing a design on the back of a person with long black hair.
1597 A tattoo artist with black shirt is applying green ink on a young woman's back then wipes off the tattoo with a white gauze.
1597 A tattoo artist wearing black gloves is tattooing someone's arm.
1597 a colored tattoo is put on a persons back
1597 Hands wearing gloves give girls back a tattoo.
1598 Two guitarists and a drummer play in an indoor area while one sings.
1598 Three male musicians, two with guitars and one with bongos, are playing in a room with a fireplace, high ceilings, and gray painted walls.
1598 Three musicians are playing in a room with a fireplace and large windows.
1598 In a living room with a fireplace, three musicians playing guitar, drums and guitar make a recording, as one sings in the daytime but with tall windows shuttered.
1598 3 male musicians play music in a room that has a fireplace with a painting of a swan hanging over the mantle.
1599 A woman with a long blonde ponytail followed by a little girl with long blonde pigtails closes the trunk of an Accord and pushes a shopping cart between two parked cars.
1599 A blond woman followed by a young girl closes the trunk of a car and pushes a grocery cart through a parking lot.
1599 A woman puts groceries in the trunk of a burgundy Honda and takes the cart to the side while a little girl watches.
1599 A woman and her daughter are finished shopping and the mother goes to return the cart.
1599 A blond woman in a turquoise top closes the trunk of her car and wheels a grocery cart away as a young girl with long blond hair calls after her.
1600 Two performers run up the aisle amid cheering audience members in a theater.
1600 Two men, one in a cowboy hat, come down off a stage and run up the aisle of a concert hall amid applause.
1600 Two people run off a dark stage with light into a crowded audience.
1600 Two dark, costumed figures come from the side of an empty theater stage and run, in a darkened theater, up an aisle among a shouting audience.
1600 2 performers run into a packed auditorium and up an aisle as people watch them and cheer.
1601 Man with megaphone looks at his watch and speaks to audience.
1601 White young man lectures 2 young adults using a megaphone in a park during daylight.
1601 A man speaks into a bull horn while people stand watching him on a sunny day.
1601 Outdoors in open cement floored area, man wearing sun glasses yells into hand held bullhorn towards a couple of people standing in front of him.
1601 on a downtown plaza a young man talks animatedly through a megaphone to a few people in front of him
1602 A group of adults circle around a campfire at dusk and clap rhythmically.
1602 Several persons clap their hands as they stand around a bonfire at dusk
1602 People stand around a fire outside during dusk.
1602 People gather around a fire table on the beach at night.
1602 Outside at twilight a man stands in front of a blazing fire with a construction in the background.
1603 People dance in a city street while musicians on a balcony overlooking the street play.
1603 A salsa band plays on a stage at a street festival as people dance in the street.
1603 A group of performers are on a stage performing while people are dancing in the street outside on a sunny day.
1603 A band member in an orange shirt holds a trumpet as his band plays and people dance in the streets below in sunshine.
1603 Musicians perform on an outdoor stage on a city street as spectators dance.
1604 An orchestra of young people playing on a stage with one violin playing solo, indoors being conducted by a man dressed in black
1604 Conductor and orchestra at play.
1604 An orchestra plays on a stage as the audience watches inside a large room.
1604 the violinist of a small concert orchestra performs in a very ornate room
1604 On raised stage with many candles burning at both sides, man in orchestra stands and plays violin.
1605 Two cooks one balding one with full hair working in the kitchen
1605 Two white men, one older with thinning light colored hair, the other with black hair, both wearing white shirt and black aprons are leaning over a task they are working on indoors in a room with a variety of kitchen equipment.
1605 Two young chefs are cooking together in the kitchen.
1605 Two men, one balding and one with dark hair, both wearing black aprons with hoop over and behind heads, talk while looking down at unseen surface.
1605 two men wearing white chef shirts and black aprons works on something unseen in front of them
1606 A white lace dress hangs on a white hanger in the woods.
1606 A white gown hangs on a hanger from a tree outdoors.
1606 A white wedding dress hangs on a tree outside surrounded by trees.
1606 A lacy white dress is on a hanger among trees in a wooded area.
1606 A beaded white gown hangs from a hanger outside in front of a group of medium-sized trees in daylight.
1607 A man in a suit and a red tie opens the rear door of a white limo parked in front of a building.
1607 A bald man with a beard wearing a gray suit and red tie walks behind a white limo parked in front of a gallery and opens a passenger door.
1607 A man in a gray suit walks around a white limo and opens the back door.
1607 A broad-shouldered bald man walks around a cream-colored stretch limousine in front of a swanky building and holds the rear door open.
1607 A man in a suit opens the drivers side back door of white limousine that is parked in front of a building on a cobble stoned road.
1608 A man leaves a room and shuts the door behind him as another man stays. behind
1608 Man leaves room and shuts door as another man makes face.
1608 A man walks out a room leaving another man seated at a table smiling.
1608 a black man walks out through an office door then a seated man turns to his left with a grimace on his face
1608 Man opens door and walks out of room and remaining, seated man, turns to side and compresses lips.
1609 In a video marked Soiver.com, a mans reflection can be seen the side mirror of a green vehicle as he takes a picture of a tiger.
1609 A man in a vehicle is filming a tiger that is moving through brush.
1609 A man in a truck is photographing a tiger as he walks around in a grassy area outside on a sunny day.
1609 A person records a tiger eating by focusing his camera in his side view car mirror facing away from the tiger.
1609 In a sideview mirror a photographer is shown filming a tiger on a hill covered with dry grasses.
1610 Mostly white adults are walking by observing row of automobiles of all kinds lined up on a street next to houses and tree during a sunny day.
1610 Woman taking picture of blue vw car as people walk by in parking lot.
1610 People are walking around looking at old cars at a car show outside on a sunny day.
1610 people walk in a street past parked cars as one woman in a blue top and black pants stops and stares at a blue VW
1610 On sunny day, people walk on large paved area where many cars are parked in a row.
1611 Two Hispanic young women are talking while one of the is holding a microphone inside in a clothing store next to a row of colorful dresses
1611 Young woman reporter is interviewing a shop keeper in front of the clothing store.
1611 A woman in pink pants holding a microphone is talking to a woman in a striped blouse inside in a dress shop.
1611 in a womenswear shop a woman in a white top and pink slacks interviews a woman in an orange and white top and dark blue jeans
1611 Woman wearing pink long pants holds mike towards another sitting woman against backdrop of a rack of someone's dresses.
1612 A probably Asian couple pours from a bottle into a wine glass in a darkened indoor venue.
1612 An Asian bride and groom under a pink spotlight in a dark room pour champagne into a five tier stack of champagne glasses.
1612 A bride and groom pour champagne in a glass tower at their wedding reception inside.
1612 A bride and groom in red lighting stand in front of a pyramid of champagne glasses with a bottle which they are about to pour into the top glass.
1612 A man and woman at a party in fancy clothes pour liquid from a bottle into a wine glass of fruit that's at the top of a wine glass tower.
1613 A trench way through huge piles of plowed snow is the only way to enter a house.
1613 An unseen person is walking on a path through high snow drifts toward the door of a house.
1613 Someone is walking through deep snow showing a path to get to a house outside on a sunny day.
1613 very large snow banks that were plowed are seen on a sunny day in a parking lot in front of a residential or business unit.
1613 In a winter setting, a person speaks as he walks among very high snow banks with a path shoveled so he can walk to a house.
1614 A strange looking creature in a dark forest is observing a man wearing only a white covering over his lower body as he walks through the trees and thick vegetation, with some sunlight creeping in through the trees.
1614 A furry Animal looking at a shirtless man walking in the woods.
1614 A monkey watches a shirtless man walking through the woods outside.
1614 a snarling bear/cat like animal watches a bare-chested man walk through the waist high ferns of a tropical forest
1614 In a misty twilight forest a hairy creature on all fours grimaces, baring teeth, as woman wearing a long white apron is in the distance, slowly walking.
1615 Train is passing green countryside visible from the train window on a cloudy day
1615 A young woman with a gray top is laying down holding a device on a train with red flowers by the window, and the view of green fields and farms outside during the day with hazy skies.
1615 A woman in gray sitting at a table on a moving train during the daytime.
1615 a woman lies on a berth in a first class railroad car next to a table with a vase of red roses
1615 Fading red roses are in vase on table at window of train travelling through grassy fields.
1616 Two people rowing a kayak and another tending his camera as a tour boat passes by on the river.
1616 One white man and one white woman sitting in a yellow canoe with a brown skinned man passing a boat in the river during daylight.
1616 Three people in a yellow kayak pass a tourist boat on a river on a sunny day.
1616 On a sunny day, a woman takes photos as one of three people in a paddle boat going down a river with a large river boat in the background, going the other direction.
1616 a man and woman take photos from a kayak that another man is rowing while a two deck tourist boat goes the other way behind them
1617 Three young white men embrace outdoor near park at night time.
1617 A white young man hugs a woman with black hair as two men , one with white shirt the other with plaid shirt join them in a group hug on a street as a couple walks by.
1617 Two men hug a couple in the middle of the floor in a darkened room.
1617 three men hug each other
1617 Two men wrap arms around another man encircling him as he smiles broadly.
1618 A male bartender wearing a black hat pours two women a glass of white wine.
1618 A bartender pours wine for two women sitting at the bar.
1618 A bartender behind a bar pours a glass of wine for a lady sitting next to another woman on the other side.
1618 A man serves drinks to 2 woman at a bar.
1618 Two women lean against a bar, the one in black with a wineglass filled as the dark-skinned bartender leans toward the white-clad woman to fill her glass.
1619 Three young women take a shot and celebrate at a Jewish gay wedding.
1619 Three women sitting at a table drink a toast as two men in suits walk through a crowd in an indoor venue.
1619 Three women give a toast then 2 men walk down an isle with people on each side of them in a room.
1619 First, 3 women celebrate by drinking something together and a young man is seen being walked down an aisle by his parents as people smile and clap.
1619 Three women at an indoor party room drink shots and then two young men in suits, ties and white skullcaps walk down an aisle among guests, holding hands.
1620 Woman with glasses speaks to microphone.
1620 Older woman with glasses speaks as another woman holds out a cell phone in her hand indoors
1620 An older woman in glasses is speaking while someone holds a cell phone to her mouth in a room with writing behind her.
1620 Older woman sits against a backdrop of Italian style names and talks into a smart phone held by a woman.
1620 an elderly brown haired woman sits in front of a wall with black and white logos on it and talks to an interviewer
1621 A young woman in a wedding dress, and a young man in a dark suit are surrounded by a group of men and women dancing outdoors at nighttime next to a swimming pool.
1621 A group of people dance in a circle at night by the pool with a couple dancing inside the circle.
1621 A circle is formed around a bride and groom and everyone is dancing at night.
1621 near a swimming pool, several people form a dancing ring around a dancing couple in bridal wear
1621 Men (most wearing suits) and women hold hands forming a large circle and move to music.
1622 Man with blue shirt and black pants and gray hat holding a walking stick walks a black and white dog around a house on the mountain at dusk.
1622 Man in a blue shirt walks with a walking stick and a dog, passes a hut set in a meadow and at evening hours forest
1622 A man in a blue shirt and a walking stick walks around a house in the woods on a sunny day.
1622 Outdoors, man holds walking stick, walks behind dog as they round a low structure with long sloping tiled roof and continue through overgrown grass.
1622 a man in a light blue shirt and tan shorts follows a black and white dog around the corner of a low shingled roof
1623 Fire is burning in a fireplace in a living room with armchairs, and a person passing by after which the fire goes out, at night time.
1623 Woman walking across room as fireplace goes out.
1623 A fireplace in a living room is burning and when someone walks into the room the flame goes out without anyone going near it.
1623 a man crosses the screen in front of a living room with a couch, table and two chairs and a burning fireplace then the fire is turned off
1623 Two stockings hang from mantle at fireplace where fire burns in a room with chairs and couches .
1624 A young woman who is wearing glasses and has white earbuds in her ears is speaking to someone outdoors.
1624 Standing in a sunny field, a young woman with black pulled back hair, glasses, and white earbuds discusses participating in a half marathon.
1624 A young woman with glasses on is talking into the camera outside on a sunny day.
1624 A woman with black-frame glasses, her hair pulled back and earbuds in her ears, stands talking in hot weather next to a house with a tree in the backyard,
1624 A bespectacled young woman wears headphones and stands outdoors talking to the camera.
1625 A bald man in a black vest and pants bow tie and white dress shirt speaks into a microphone about how thankful and blessed his family is.
1625 A man dressed in white shirt, bow tie, and black vest is indoors speaking into a microphone.
1625 A man dressed in a tuxedo is standing and giving a speech in a room with people.
1625 A bald middle aged man in dress clothes stands near an open interior door and speaks into a microphone as young women in the foreground listen to him, smiling and looking down.
1625 A bald man in white shirt, black vest and bow tie stands talking into a microphone inside to a long table, showing two women with their backs to him.
1626 Two white man and a woman carrying trash bags putting them in a large trash can after which another white man closes the lid of the trash can outside an apartment house on a sunny day.
1626 Young man opens dumpster as Two other men and a woman with gloves and sticks load full black large trash bags onto the black dumpster, then the young man closes the dumpster lid.
1626 Three men and a women walk to the back of a truck and place large black trash bags in it on a sunny day.
1626 on a winter day, people outside a row of apartments walk up to a dumpster an throw in black bags full of stuff
1626 Four people wearing hats, coats and gloves carry black trash bags to large bin, top of which is held open by another man.
1627 A band is playing on the street by the trees as people dance.
1627 A group of young people of mixed races, are playing music in an outdoor park surrounded by trees, while some are dancing to the music.
1627 Two bands are performing and dancing outside on a sunny day.
1627 on road like surface near building and in front of trees, people with drums and some instruments stand as an individual with pony tail hair bounces in tight circle.
1627 two women dance alongside two small bands in front of a light display in a park
1628 A crowd cheers as five bicycle racers ride by on a Samsung track.
1628 Bicycle racers circle the track in a velodrome.
1628 A group of people race around a track on bicycles on a sunny day.
1628 People compete in a race using 2 wheeled transportation with spectators watching.
1628 Closely bunched bicycle riders pedal around an outdoor track in a sporting auditorium.
1629 A young dark skinned boy leads a camel ridden by a gray haired woman dressed in turquoise past a media truck.
1629 A woman rides on a camel that is being led by a man.
1629 A person dressed in blue rides a camel on a sunny day.
1629 In a parking area, person draped in turquoise fabric rides on the back of a large animal that is pulled by a young boy.
1629 A short-haired blond woman rides a carpet covered saddle on a camel amid recreational vehicles.
1630 Two kayakers go through rapids on a river.
1630 A person in a red kayak followed by a person in a blue kayak paddle in rushing whitewater on a flooded river.
1630 Two people are kayaking in rapids on a sunny day.
1630 Along a swiftly flowing river in a green setting, a person in a red kayak paddles, followed by a person in a blue kayak.
1630 A person in a red kayak is followed by a person in a blue kayak as they navigate waves in white water.
1631 A crowd of casually-dressed persons mills about in an outdoor plaza.
1631 A plaza featuring a large black and white illustration of said plaza in ancient times is crowded with tourists.
1631 A large group of people are walking around in a courtyard outside during the day
1631 In a wide plaza, tourists including a man with a chartreuse shirt and a backpack stroll in front of stores in a stone-covered open space.
1631 A group of people stands outdoors in a cobble stoned street under a fresco.
1632 Person is running and holding strings to a big white kite on a dirt field with a bridge in the background during day time.
1632 A person with a big bag on his back is running up field tied to a yellow parachute with trees in the background on a plowed field.
1632 A person runs in dirt with a parachute attached to its back on a sunny day.
1632 a man runs along a dirt field pulling a hang glider and trying to get enough lift to get airborne
1632 Man wearing helmet and large backpack, is connected to partially floating sky kite, and runs across dirt field.
1633 A woman with brown hair checks the gloves of a fighter wearing black and green pants before he enters the cage at an MMA match.
1633 A mixed martial arts fighter enters the ring.
1633 A boxer gets his gloves checked then walks up steps to get into a boxing ring inside a building.
1633 A woman looks at the underside of a man's boxing gloves before he enters the ring.
1633 A boxer has his gloves checked out by two female officials and he then climbs the stairs in an auditorium.
1634 Man carrying a large back and backpack walking in the woods during the day.
1634 White young man with a beard is walking slowly carrying a large backpack in a forest passing another young white person with a backpack at daylight.
1634 To men are walking in the woods with large backpacks on outside on a sunny day.
1634 On a sunny day, a bearded man wearing large back pack and carrying another, walks past green trees and grass.
1634 a man with a very large backpack and a chest pack walks on a forest path and catches up with another person with a pack
1635 The wind moves empty swings in a park on a paved area surrounded by melting snow.
1635 Swings move in the wind in a snow-covered park next to a river.
1635 Swings are blowing in the wind on a cloudy snowy day.
1635 Empty swings are moved by the wind in a park by a river on a winter day with old snow on the ground.
1635 In a winter setting showing a three park swings in front of a river, two of the swings move to a buzzing sound in the background, the third one doesn't move.
1636 A famous artist's painting on the wall in a room with chairs, a desk, and a big red flower painting on the white wall .
1636 Artwork posters of abstract design and a red tulip hang on the white wall of a studio.
1636 A video is being shot of art on the wall in an office in a building.
1636 the camera pans around a room with modern art on the walls, and a desk, chair, side table, and water cooler
1636 Two chairs sit in a waiting room with a lamp at one side.
1637 Woman with headdress standing next to two children sitting on a park bench.
1637 Indian woman wrapped with head covering is pushing a stroller with two small children in a park next to big buildings during daylight.
1637 A woman dressed in a wrap is taking something from a child sitting in a stroller outside on a sunny day.
1637 On a sunny day outside, woman with sari overhead and shoulders, faces child in pink with hat sitting, in a large courtyard with leafless trees in back in front of multi-storied buildings
1637 a woman in a blue-green headscarf helps two children get up from a park bench
1638 Person with long hair is walking in a city passing a row of parked cars in daylight
1638 Man with long hair takes his hand out of his pocket as he walks towards the camera on the street acting like a zombie.
1638 A scary man stumbles down the middle of the street with long hair covering his face in the daytime.
1638 a man with very long hair that blows into his face a wearing a jacket with many pockets walks along a street
1638 Long haired man in shaggy torn clothes walks unsteadily down city street past cars moving in opposite direction.
1639 A bearded man juggles three clubs in front of a brightly painted wall.
1639 A man with long dark blonde thin dreads juggles pins in front of a graffiti mural
1639 A man with dreadlocks juggles in front of a colorful wall.
1639 A long-haired blonde, bearded man juggles in front of a wall painted with graffiti outside.
1639 A juggler with messy hair performs in front of a painted backdrop.
1640 Two white women, one wearing a head covering, are putting out deserts on a cloth-covered table.
1640 Two women put the finishing touches on a miniature dessert display at a party with lavender decorations.
1640 Two woman are setting up a party table with cakes and cupcakes in a room.
1640 A woman with a tray of desserts stands at a dessert table in a catered party setting as another woman adds cups with pudding to a tray on the table.
1640 Two women lay out sweets on a table for a party as a little girl walks by another table.
1641 Woman on swing spins
1641 Young white woman with glasses is sitting on a swing in a playground and circling around on a cloudy winter day.
1641 A woman twirls around on a swing outside on a cloudy day.
1641 Barelegged woman wearing coat sits on swing with chain rope and hanging on, twirls around and around outdoors with bare trees standing at water edge.
1641 a man spins downward as the kinks come out a the tightly wound support chains of a child's swing on a playground
1642 Young people dance at a crowded tiki bar under an umbrella along a crowded beach.
1642 A large number of people wearing bathing suits are gathered in a bar next to a beach on a sunny day.
1642 A group of men and women in bathing suits are partying at a beach bar outside on a sunny day.
1642 Men and women at a beach stand under a grass roofed structure dancing and clapping.
1642 At a tiki bar near the sand-strewn shore, women in bikinis and mostly men in swim trunks drink and dance to music.
1643 A classical historic church with a large tower sits right on the water.
1643 A view of buildings next to a canal in probably Venice.
1643 A video of old building next to a water front.
1643 Buildings along a canal are shown when the water is high.
1643 In a European city a white church stands next to a tall bell tower along a canal with a gondola.
1644 A bearded man wearing a Star Wars tee shirt pumps his arms together while looking in a mirror in probably a bathroom.
1644 A man with wet black hair and a beard wearing a white Star Wars T shirt is exercising in front of a mirror.
1644 A man in a white shirt is watching himself in a mirror making a movement with his arms.
1644 A dark-haired, bearded young man in a white Star Wars t-shirt stands in front of a mirror and does arm-strengthening exercise.
1644 a man exercises in front of a mirror.
1645 A brown sea turtle swims in the blue water over a rock.
1645 Sea turtle swims in deep blue waters with green vegetation showing on the bottom of the sea.
1645 A large sea turtle swims near the bottom of the ocean on a sunny day.
1645 Turtle swims under water.
1645 a large turtle swims slowly through blue water
1646 Older white man with white hair and a white jacket plays the piano inside a dark room crossing hands as he plays.
1646 Elderly man in white suite playing a piano with another piano in background.
1646 A man in a white suit is sitting at a grand piano playing in front of an audience.
1646 a man in a formal white jacket plays solemnly at a grand piano
1646 White haired man wearing white jacket sits and plays piano with shadowy raised top of concert piano in partial view in back.
1647 Young man climbs rock and bows raising hands.
1647 Young white man climbs up to the top of a rock in a forest during daylight.
1647 A man climbs a large rock and shows his excitement by bowing when he reaches the top.
1647 Man walks atop huge boulder backing against forest on sunny day.
1647 a young man climbs to the top of a large boulder, looks around, and takes an easier way down
1648 A dark haired man dressed in a white T shirt and white pants lies in the grass and plays with a black and white cat.
1648 A person in white wearing glasses catches a cat outdoors.
1648 A man in a white outfit is laying on the ground trying to get a cat to come out of the bushes on a sunny day.
1648 A person sitting outdoors encourages a skittish kitten to come to them and then allows the kitten to play with their hand.
1648 A man in white attracts and plays with a black kitten outside at dusk.
1649 A man in a white helmet is kiteboarding on a beach.
1649 A man wearing a helmet on a skateboard with wheels is being pulled by cable in a wet sandy area.
1649 A man is windsurfing across sand outside on a cloudy day.
1649 A man with a white helmet standing on a small wheeled platform is pulled along on a beach by something overhead propelling him.
1649 A person on a beach is harnessed onto something out of the shot as they glide on a small wheeled rack to ride along the wet sand.
1650 A woman in an elaborate costume and cape performs with dancers in complementary costumes under blue lights, fog, and other impressive special effects.
1650 A female model in a long cape walks a runway amid flashing lights.
1650 A group of performers perform on a stage lite up with blue lights.
1650 Performers do their routine onstage under blue lights.
1650 A woman in a fancy dress in an entertainment venue is flooded by blue light as others, dance in and out of her space.
1651 3 men and a woman dancing wildly in a room.
1651 Three white man and one white woman in black dress are dancing inside a room with pictures on the wall.
1651 The Three Stooges are dancing around in a room with a woman.
1651 Three men, known as the Three Stooges in US movies, with a woman as they dance wildly in a furnished room.
1651 three men in funny clothes 'the three stooges' and a woman in a black dress dance crazily in a living room
1652 A big truck carrying a load of cut up woods is passing on a bridge over water surrounded by snow and trees in daylight.
1652 A loaded logging truck crossing a bridge over water with trees in the background during the day.
1652 A tractor trailer truck carrying logs drives over a bridge on a sunny dy.
1652 A truck loaded with logs drives past a lake with snow and tree around it
1652 The words American Loggers superimposed on video as large 18 wheeler loaded with cut logs goes down road and over bridge in winter day with snow edging road and nearby field.
1653 Large flock of white birds roosts in bushes next to a lake.
1653 Hundreds of different birds, many white, flock to a rookery surrounding a calm body of water.
1653 A large group of white birds gather on green bushes near water.
1653 The camera moves in on a swampy area where many white birds with black-tipped wings sing and flutter around next to a lake or river.
1653 Sea birds congregate in the grasses along a bay.
1654 A white persons hand in a red coat sleeve is seen petting a donkey in a lightly wooded area.
1654 A person in a red jacket is petting an animal in a wooded area with partial snow cover on the ground.
1654 A person in a red jacket is patting a donkey outside on a sunny day.
1654 A person's hand and red sleeve are visible as the rub the ear of a burro who stands still and accepts the attention from the person.
1654 The arm of a person in a red winter jacket is shown scratching behind the ear of a donkey in a wooded setting.
1655 An adolescent Asian boy in dark t-shirt is crouched down outdoors speaking in a language other than English as he stands up amid light red grassy plants with red and pink flowering trees and a gazebo in the background,
1655 In an outdoor setting in daylight a young Asian man wearing a blue shirt rises from a stooped position and speaks to someone.
1655 A man is bending at the waist is talking in a foreign language as he stands up
1655 A man sees something in the park and he makes a comment about it.
1655 A boy in a t-shirt starts in a crouching position in an open field with a garden in the back and straightens up while talking
1656 A young man with long black hair is operating s large blue touch screen on the wall in an exhibition.
1656 White young man stands next to a large digital Newspaper, pointing to search for items inside a gallery.
1656 A young man stands in front of an electronic display to find information inside a museum.
1656 Man stands in front of large touch screen display, scrolling through various pages.
1656 In a large lobby, a young man clicks an image on a display and the image changes
1657 Two young white men and two white young women are meeting around the table with laptops in front of them talking inside a room at daytime.
1657 Two men and two women with two laptops sit around table.
1657 A man sits at the table with a woman and two young boys talking as one of them is on the computer inside a room.
1657 four people talk around an office table, one has a tablet keyboard in front of him and another man uses a stylus to draw on his screen
1657 A woman and three men sit at a long table indoors with a couple of lap tops and computers on the table as one man talks and gestures.
1658 Passengers wearing bathing suits cross the surface of a lake on paddleboats.
1658 A blue and white paddle boat fronts a yellow paddle boat on a lake with a small beach and picnic area in the background.
1658 Two paddle boats pass each other on a lake on a sunny day.
1658 Three people on a paddleboat travel across water in a competition venue.
1658 Groups of people sail on a lake in recreational boats.
1659 A man with a brown hair and beard wearing a black and white shirt scales a yellow rock wall indoors
1659 A rock climber climbs an interior rock wall.
1659 A man climbs an indoor climbing wall with light on.
1659 A man climbs a wall at an indoor rock gym.
1659 In a gym setting, a man climbs a vertical wall with stone hand and footholds with the help of a harness and a rope that supports him if he loses his grip.
1660 A woman is standing against an interior wall, and things are being thrown at her.
1660 A young woman with long dark hair dressed wearing a frilly pink long dress with a wide slit up the front stands in front of a wall as someone off camera throws objects at her.
1660 A woman in pink stands against a wall and someone is throwing items at her.
1660 A woman in a pink outfit stands against a white wall and people offstage throw things at her so that the wall has stains on it, and she continues to stand there.
1660 A young woman dressed in pink is pelted with cake and a water balloon.
1661 A black and white robot walks into the kitchen with harlequin black and white floor as a young man with goggles follows him on all four then grey tennis shoes run across the same floor.
1661 Black and white robot is walking around on the kitchen floor when a young white man lays next to him and observes him as another person runs in the room
1661 A black and white robot walks across the floor and a man comes in and lays on his stomach to watch it.
1661 Black and white toy robot walks into kitchen, followed by man crawling on floor who then rests with chin and hand.
1661 a robot walks staggeringly across in front of a stove in a kitchen as a human crawls into the room to watch, finally, we see an old pair of shoes come into the room
1662 A group of people are crossing a swaying suspended bridge.
1662 Many young people, some with cameras, cross a narrow flexible footbridge in the sun over a dark gorge.
1662 People are walking along and holding on to a very narrow chain fence bridge outside on a sunny day.
1662 On a stable bridge with steel mesh sides, a woman takes a picture as other tourists walk behind her to the other end of the bridge
1662 Children take pictures from a finger bridge between mountains.
1663 Man with purple coat and orange boots walking on a green hill towards the tree and the mountain beyond, as he passes by what looks like a yellow parachute on the ground.
1663 Man with bright orange socks walks away from a big plastic material laying on the grass in a meadow on a cloudy day.
1663 A man in orange boots walks down a grassy hill on a sunny day.
1663 Person wearing helmet and orange boots walks away from helmeted person going by deflated balloons on grassy slope.
1663 a man wearing big orange boots walks ahead of a person wearing a body camera as they pass a limp orange and yellow hang glider
1664 Small child with light blue jacket drinks out of a yellow cup at a playground in sunshine.
1664 Kid drinking from yellow cup in park.
1664 A little boy in a blue dress is drinking from a yellow cup near a stone bench on a sunny day.
1664 in a park, a child in a blue jacket drinks from a yellow cup
1664 Toddler stands in shade of a tree standing over the courtyard and drinks from a yellow cup.
1665 A bottle of bubbly drink shoots out the drink as the cork pops away.
1665 Champaign bottle bursts open as the foam flies out, and foam changes to a solid white stringy material.
1665 Champagne shoots out of a bottle.
1665 Champagne spouts from tilted bottle under video text 'concepts change'.
1665 a champagne cork flies out of the bottle, releasing a jet of foam
1666 A white man in a black Blackmagic polo gives a presentation with a multiple view monitor on one side a large mounted camera on the other.
1666 A man in a black shirt gestures as he stands next to a camera on a tripod in an interior room.
1666 A man in a black shirt talks into the camera in front of a white bookcase.
1666 A man stands in front of audio visual equipment and talks.
1666 A grey-side burned white man wearing a polo shirt labelled 'blackmarket design' speaks in front of audio-visual equipment saying how the equipment looks complicated, but...
1667 White blonde woman holding the microphone to a white man who speaks, and on her other side stands another white man in a dark jacket outdoors at night time.
1667 A young white man with a ID tag over his white shirt and black hair is speaking to a microphone held by a blonde young white woman reporter in a green dress and a white man with a dark jacket and an id tag standing next to them.
1667 A woman holding a microphone holds it for a man in a white shirt she is talking to while another man watches them.
1667 a young blonde woman in a teal dress holds the mike as she interviews a man in a white shirt while another man stands next to them watching
1667 Inside, blond woman holds media mike up to man wearing white shirt and he talks as man on her other side stands.
1668 Kid putting remote control in toy truck in the yard.
1668 Small asian child brings an item and places it on a yellow toy truck in a garden outdoors during daylight.
1668 A little boy in a blue shirt walks over to a toy truck outside on a sunny day.
1668 Small boy wearing shorts and blue shirt walks over to toy yellow truck on big wheels on grassy yard with trees in back in sunshine.
1668 a toddler in a blue t-shirt walks out to a yellow toy truck in a yard, looks toward the camera for approval, and puts a flat thing into the back of the truck
1669 Bride and Groom walking on a bridge on a cloudy day.
1669 Young woman wearing a white wedding dress, and a man wearing dark suit and a bow tie, are coming across a bridge over a river kissing, while a boat is passing in the background on a cloudy day.
1669 A bride and groom dressed in their wedding clothes walk across a bridge outside in the daytime.
1669 Under cloudy skies, a man in formal suit and a woman in wedding gown walk down a cement curving path bounded on one side with tall decorative metal fence through which large body of water is seen with large three stacked triangular configuration in back.
1669 a bride and groom walk toward the camera and kiss on a path across the water from the famous opera house in Australia
1670 A group of young people of mixed races is loading concrete blocks onto a blue truck.
1670 Young Conscious Impact volunteers of all races pass bricks along a line to load a truck.
1670 A group of people line up in an assembly line up and pass tan bricks to one another and place them in a truck outside on a sunny day.
1670 A group of young multi-national volunteers pass stones for a building project in a wooded daytime setting.
1670 Young men and women help build structures outdoors by passing brick blocks down a line for construction.
1671 A man in a Santa Claus suit rides a small bicycle down a street at night and throws packages .
1671 A man in a Santa suit tosses a couple of presents as he rides down the middle of a quiet street at night.
1671 A man dressed like Santa rides a bike down the middle of the street and throws presents from his bag.
1671 A man dressed as Santa Claus rides a bicycle in a paved area where cars are parked at night.
1671 A person dressed as a beloved folk legend in western culture rides a sparkly bike at night on a street where cars are parked and throws packages to homes along the way.
1672 Young kid with purple and blue coat poses to the camera showing his muscles as woman in green pants sits on steps with young girl during the day in front of the house.
1672 Young boy is outside of a door to a house while he shows his muscles in both arms and 2 people sitting on the steps behind him are watching on a sunny day.
1672 A young boy in a teal and purple sweat suit flexes his muscles in front of a building on a sunny day.
1672 Boy wearing purple and green zipped jacket walks to sidewalk in front of stone house and flexes his muscles in each arm.
1672 a boy in a purple and blue jacket step from behind low bushes and flexes his biceps for the camera
1673 Hispanic couple with six children are celebrating a birthday surrounded by pink balloons and cake indoors.
1673 Man with red shirt claps as kids and one adult woman sing at a birthday party with pink balloons.
1673 People surrounded around pink balloons are clapping and celebrating a birthday inside a room.
1673 people clap at a children's party with pink balloons
1673 Several small children in room with many pink balloons clap as does man standing next to woman sitting with another child on her lap.
1674 A waterfall with green cliffs flows into the river bed creating mist against the sun during the day.
1674 Water falls falling from a mountain top outside on a cloudy day.
1674 A waterfall falls from the top of a tall mountain on a sunny day.
1674 Waterfall between green and rocky walls into rocky gorge.
1674 a small waterfall cascades down a steep, forested cliff
1675 At a colorful Indian wedding celebration, the bride attempts to put a large garland on the groom.
1675 A couple in an Indian wedding participate in an indoor ceremony while several men and women wearing traditional dress watch.
1675 An Indian couple are participating in a ceremony in a room as others watch.
1675 A festively dressed group is indoors and a woman approaches a man to out a decorative mantle of flowers over his head and he backs up as all the people smile.
1675 At a formal festival in East Asian attire a woman with a flower necklace approaches a man in white with a yellow turban ad others in dressy clothes look on.
1676 Two young women standing behind a sheet with a pink baby outfit and a blue baby outfit look like babies trying to brush their teeth
1676 Two women do a comedy routine in an interior doorway.
1676 Two people dressed like babies pretend to be puppets on a stage.
1676 2 women wear baby bonnets and stand behind a sheet that allows their arms to show and another person's arms to look like their legs at the lower part of the sheet so as to suggest they are 2 tiny girls brushing their teeth.
1676 On a darkened stage, a sheet is stretched out with the heads of two women dressed like babies, one pink and one blue, brush their teeth and the supposed legs and boots move.
1677 A black man wearing glasses and a black cap is surrounded by a group of women at a party in an interior room.
1677 A group of young women under a pink spotlight surround a young man with distinctive speckled glasses, a black side turned cap, and a blue shirt.
1677 A group of women have their hands all over a man standing in the center of them in a large room.
1677 In a lighted indoor room music plays as a Southeast Asian man backs up amid a group of dancing women.
1677 A young man at a party gets attention from young women as balloons float in the background.
1678 White young man with a white apron stand in a kitchen and talks while a woman cuts up food in the background
1678 Man with apron speaks in store as woman prepares food.
1678 A man in a plaid shirt speaks in front of the camera while standing in a butcher shop.
1678 a man in a commercial kitchen wearing a blue plaid shirt and standing next to a glass display case speaks to a camera
1678 Man wearing glasses and apron, stands in kitchen with utensils hanging on wall in back, and talks.
1679 A skateboarder in black does a trick on his board while another person skates beside him in a park.
1679 Two teenage boys skate side by side in an outdoor skateboard park, one with blonde hair on a flat surface and the other with brown hair jumping up onto and then riding a concrete rail.
1679 A boy skateboarding rides over a skate ramp and back to the ground outside.
1679 Two skate boarders come down a hill, and a dark haired young man jumps up on a barrier and jumps off, but the blonde skateboarder stays on the pavement.
1679 Skate boarders ride the surfaces of an outdoor skate park.
1680 Man wearing a football jersey and a green mask stands in an interior room.
1680 A man in a white black and orange football Jersey and a gray back facing baseball cap is wearing and speaking through a bright green mask
1680 A man with a green mask on is talking to someone in a room.
1680 A man with grey hair wears a green mask of a smiling man with a wide-open mouth as he talks near a door in a house or apartment.
1680 A person wearing a sports jersey and green mask stands indoors in front of a white wall.
1681 2 dogs play in snow as 3 people walk on path in park.
1681 A white man and a white woman walk on the snow in the woods in the winter at daylight, while another woman comes across them and 2 dogs run around ahead of them
1681 Two dogs are playing on a walking trail with people on it on a sunny day with snow on the ground.
1681 Man and woman wearing jackets walk on snowy path as another man from other direction passes them, and two dogs play.
1681 a hiking couple follows two romping dogs down a snowy woody path as another hiker passes them going the other way
1682 Red and yellow stage lights shine down on a big band during a concert.
1682 An orchestra plays on stage in a darkened auditorium.
1682 A conductor conducts an orchestra on stage in a room with lights.
1682 An orchestra performs for an audience.
1682 Inside an orchestra venue, young musicians play, with emphasis on the brightly polished brass instruments.
1683 Man passes microphone to another at a panel's table as a woman claps her hands.
1683 Three white men and an Asian woman are seated at a long table, while one of the man holds out a microphone to the woman, in front of a small group of people clapping, inside a big room.
1683 Three men and a woman are seated at a table in front holding a meeting in front of an audience.
1683 Man wearing red and black shirt stands and hands mike to another man who along with a third man and a woman, sit at long table in front of room with prominent sign posted in back identifying this as West Maui Taxpayers Association in Hawaii.
1683 at a long table in front of large posters, a man in a red shirt hands a microphone to a man in a blue shirt who then holds it off to a woman in a white top so she can speak
1684 A man's hand is holding a woman's manicured hand with a diamond ring, as the man's thumb moves around the top of the woman's hand.
1684 White man holding white woman hand with ring and white fingernails as they recite wedding vows,
1684 A man holds a woman's hand with an engagement ring and white nail polish.
1684 the fingers of a hand with white nail polish and a large diamond ring is held by another hand
1684 Womans hand, with manicured nails and large engagement ring, rests in hand of man who strokes back of her hand with his thumb.
1685 A flock of birds sits ion bare branches on an overcast day.
1685 A dozen or so birds perch in a thicket of bare branches against a gray sky
1685 A group of birds sit on tree branches on a cloudy day.
1685 A group of birds rest on wands near leafless trees on a still dark day with no wind.
1685 12 birds sit on bare branches on an overcast day..
1686 Scuba diver in deep waters with oxygen tank is swimming holding a flashlight.
1686 A diver wearing a red dive suite shines a light and dives past rocks with two silver oxygen bottles attached.
1686 A scuba diver swims under water using a flash light.
1686 a scuba diver shines a bright light ahead of him as he swims along a tunnel
1686 Underwater diver with tanks and light swims through cave.
1687 Young white boy stands and looks into a store on a busy street at night time
1687 Child sits pondering then smiles and speaks as people walk behind him on street.
1687 A little boy in a brown jacket has his hands interlocked is talking.
1687 a boy in a green jacket rubs his hands together and then turns happily and speaks to someone beside him
1687 Young boy wearing jacket sits at table where some ornaments are floating, clasping and unclasping his hands and smiling.
1688 Two kick boxers fight in a ring while the referee watches.
1688 A crowd watches an MMA cage match between a man in black trunks and a man in black and white trunks, as a referee looks on.
1688 Two men are in a boxing ring boxing as spectators watch.
1688 In an indoor boxing ring in front of spectators, the boxer in black and white trunks hits the boxer with black trunks who then lands punches on his opponent.
1688 2 male boxers spar in front of an audience and 1 take a blow to the face.
1689 Two Canopy fliers in the air on a bright sunny day, one a close up the other at a distance.
1689 the cords of a paraglide in midair as another paraglide glides by.
1689 Someone is shooting a video while being on a hand glider on a sunny day.
1689 The support straps of hang glider are manipulated while there are other glider flying in the background
1689 Outdoors daytime view of flying kite holding dark object ascending from lower left up towards right and in foreground, belts and lines ascending bottom to top.
1690 Busy street with an apartment house, cars, trucks and people passing by outside on a cloudy day.
1690 A truck with Face Book ad drives by a city street with motorcycles and a couple dressed in black and red walk by during the day.
1690 Traffic moves along on a street and a truck that says facebook slows up.
1690 traffic, including motorcyclists and a truck advertising 'Facebook' drives along an urban street with apartments on the second and third floors and shops on the ground floor
1690 Traffic on city street includes truck with Facebook written on side under picture of several people next to words in an Asian script.
1691 A woman laying on work out bench lifts weights.
1691 Young white woman with short hair and visible ribs lays on her back in inside a gym and lifts weights down and up slowly.
1691 A woman with a green top lifts weights while laying down in a gym.
1691 Man lies on exercise bench raising and lowering weights held in each hand.
1691 a very thin, young, short haired, blonde woman wearing a light green bra and black shorts and lying on a board lifts two hand weights over her head
1692 Against black walls, a man with black hair in a black suit questions a man not visible as two men in black, behind him, listen.
1692 A man in a tuxedo gestures and turns in an indoor room while two other men in dark clothing watch
1692 A man in a suit and tie with two other men standing behind him is talking to another person.
1692 3 men stand onstage and 1 who is dressed up speaks to the other 2 who are casually dressed.
1692 Three men in a dark, backstage setting walk toward the camera, and the one on the right in a tuxedo looks around and winds up turning almost 3/4s of the way around.
1693 White young man with sunglasses strolls along outdoors near trees in sunshine.
1693 Man wearing sunglasses singing in a field.
1693 A man in sunglasses sings in the middle of a field on a sunny day.
1693 in a field near a road, a bearded man in blue shirt and sunglasses plays guitar and sings
1693 Man with small beard and mustache and wearing sunglasses walks in sunny field, strumming guitar, singing.
1694 A white person's hand with a black ring on index finger drawing orange chalk lines on the asphalt.
1694 A hand draws parallel lines in rows with a chalk on a brown surface indoors.
1694 Someone draws pink lines on a sidewalk outside.
1694 Hand draws small stripes on concrete.
1694 a hand is drawing pink dashes on a brown surface
1695 Group of penguins swims in a pool.
1695 From an overhead view, approximately a dozen penguins swim on the surface of aqua water
1695 Penguins swim in a body of water.
1695 Penguins swim in the ocean.
1695 Penguins swim in fresh water.
1696 A woman in a red top dumps something from a basket into a bin.
1696 A Asian man with a red vest holding a large red bag of organic material pours some in a large flower pot that an Asian woman wearing red then dumps in a compost bin.
1696 A man and a woman are dumping dirt into a square opening on the floor of a truck.
1696 A woman empties dirt into a hole in a balcony as a man in red shirt stands by with another bag.
1696 A woman pours something down a chute and a man gets ready to pour something out of a red sack.
1697 A man in a black shirt plays a reeded flute type instrument as another man wearing a black shirt and holding a larger woodwind instrument watches.
1697 A bearded man in a dark shirt plays a pipe as part of a band.
1697 Two men are playing a musical instruments in a dark room.
1697 A man plays a wind instrument in an ensemble of musicians although only one other can be seen in the shot.
1697 A man in a brown shirt plays a recorder in a band in a dark setting.
1698 A group of men work together to pull something out of a hole.
1698 A group of men is hauling something out of a hole with ropes outdoors near a stone wall.
1698 Using a rope around something in a hole two men pull something out on a sunny day outside.
1698 People remove artifacts buried in a field.
1698 Two people pull a heavy clothed bundle from a deep pit in front of an outdoor field.
1699 Man with Brown shirt and gray pants crouching in a Bocce play field, holding a Bocce ball in his right hand, turning his palm upside down as if throwing the ball towards the four other balls by the blue marker during the day.
1699 A man squatting holding a shiny ball in his hand and several other balls are on the ground, on a dirt surface bear a park outdoors in daytime
1699 A man in a brown shirt holds the same type of ball that are on the ground in front of him.
1699 Man kneels on graveled area balancing silver ball in right hand while facing four similar balls on ground some distance away.
1699 a crouching man hefts a small metal ball and tosses it, with a lot of spin, toward four other balls on the ground
1700 Four young men are setting up musical instruments on a stage indoors during daylight.
1700 Man takes his Acoustic Bass out of its bag with musicians looking on.
1700 A man pulls a large instrument out of a bag while other members are setting up on a stage inside a room with large windows.
1700 four men set up their instruments for a concert
1700 In large room with a wall entirely of glass door frames, man removes large cello from its case which he puts on floor.
